(feat. Brinx, Busta Rhymes)
I got my mind on my money and I'm not goin awayyyy... 
So keep on gettin yur paper... 

[Brinx:] 
Now you hold it's yur excellence... see I t.c oh forward slash president...
east side resident oh so evident... brinx billy ride cousin black on black phantom 26's on the side of em...
ninas on the side of em... goonies on the side of em... anybody can get it boy be careful on the side of them...
these niggas are burial guns no fearial... money hungry honey with me if you holla she gonna carry you...
flyer than a aireal vechical gerital... sittin on my feet when I'm stuntin on them people...
I tell no fabels everyhting chillen... fax machines office max see me for that paper...
you workin for short bread ain't my money long youngin...
bxtch I'm on trappin more digits than a phone number different time zones on em kill them niggas lyrcially...
left side of my closet look invaded by italy... right side paris left side flaggin paper is is my main chick me and money married...
and that's all a nigga knoes bitch that's why them brand new niggas is all up on my old shxt... 

[Speaking: Nicki Minaj] 
That's what I did I came up out the truck... you what I'm sayin... I chuck my dueces like...
that's all I do like... young money nicki minaj it's the ninja harajuku barbie and all of that...
nah I'm sayin all that... me gettin money you writin disses we gettin money... yeaaaaa boiiiiii 

Hit me my limozine... all in yur magazine... and when I come they betta lean like a ? ...
they say nicki nice... I'm about my money mama... and tell michelle I got my eye on barack obama...
tryin to get that modana you kno hannah montanna... and you can find me sittin indian style with the dolly lama...
konichiwa I get my yin and say sayonara... I'm medatating and I'm in conhootz with a higher power...
mind on money money on mind mind mind on my money mind (yo hoe rai que quo)... mind on money ay mind on my money babe...
how does this money taste wine in yo moneys face... you see the signs and the teachings...
well if you didn't knoe well this is grindin season... now and go get yur gangs signs throw it up...
all my niggas on them bikes throw it up... we don't care what you say... we ain't gonna win no way...
my niggas bring the heat like a summer day... so mind on my mutha fckn money mind on my mutha fckn money oooooo... 

[Speakin: Busta Rhymes] 
Ayo I speak forgien lanuages and shxt... but the lanuage is speak is that monney lanuage...
hahahah flipmode bxtch... brinx I like how we do the brinx truck job on these niggas homey...
time after time again I like niggas and remind niggas how I hold out on mutha fckas... 

Niggas out here frontin about they bread you can't trust it niggas my money so stupid call me warren busta buss nigga...
glad it ain't a toss and everything about me butters I've been counting money so long I see dollar signs and different colors...
my money is smear and smutherd yur money you hear me brotha been about that bread like I was broke or still in the gutta...
and in case you ain't knoe there will be no repalcement and them bags of arab money I got stashed in the basement face it...
when ever I shine I glisten and when ever I talk you listen ain't no money gettin made in these street
without my premission I keeps it drug infested my money is well invested it's to the point my ?
is well respected you need to check my method I promise you I be the wrong nigga that's comes to my money
that you ever want to mess with grind like missionary labor holding indigutary paper you already knoe my team is filled with ? ears we made you...
I don't give a fck about yur stipulation... type of bread appropriate for every situation...
you can tell by the jewlery sittin on my collar from the bread to the crib I knoe all about the dollar