This isn't on the CD. It's called "Man Down" on the CD.
It got censored by Interscope, they can't call it Officer Down.
So, here's the full lyrics.

[50 Cent]
AOWWWW~!
It hurts...(50 growls)
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah - YEAH!!

D's tryin to plant a murder on me
In the precinct, they sayin' I done murdered homey
I told my lawyer, "I ain't heard of homey"
And e'rybody know my niggas murder fo' me

You see I'm on your crib, it ain't a burglary homey
They fin' to have me stuck in purgatory
I'm down to do the stickin' when it come to the orgy
Conventional methods of sex, totally bore me

Wait~! I'm getting' sidetracked, back to the story
These cocksuckin' police got it in fo' me
They flash the lights, they wanna rough me up
Frisk me, find my burner, and cuff me up

But history repeats itself, they never learn
The Unit's the new BeBo, who gon' be Eddie Byrne? (Huh?)
We'll find out when niggas let off the rounds
And his partner's screamin', "Officer down!"

[Chorus]
Police get in the way, I'll murder them
I'll murder them
A nigga already got three strikes, I'll murder them
I said I'll murder them
Any motherf**ker touch me, I'll murder them


I'll murder them
You don't believe me, wait and see, I'll murder them
You see I told you I'd murder them

[50 Cent]
They sayin' I'm an accident waitin' to happen
I got one in the head; I'm just waitin' to clap it
A pimp told me I was made for this mack shit
So just get you a white girl, don't f**k with no black bitch

I got two felonies; from sellin' that crack shit
And the third one, came from showin' niggas my mac spit
See I'm down for that daytime action
Have niggas crawlin' under cars when I start to cappin'

So they don't know what to say to the captain
But they know if word get back, somethin gon' happen
I've been shot, I've been stabbed, but I ain't been snitched on
When you snitchin' where I'm from, you gon' get your shit blown

I make the best of the worst
We gotta share the same bitch, okay I go first
Cause your baby's momma is, my baby's momma
I come through to see my little nigga with the llama

[Chorus]
Police get in the way, I'll murder them
I'll murder them
A nigga already got three strikes, I'll murder them
I said I'll murder them
Any motherf**ker touch me, I'll murder them
I'll murder them
You don't believe me, wait and see, I'll murder them
You see I told you I'd murder them