Now I chill real ill when I start to chill 
When I fill my pockets with a knot of dollar bills 
Sipping pints of ale out the window sill 
When I get my fill I'm chilly chill 

Now I just got home because I'm out on bail 
What's the time? - it's time to buy ale 
Peter eater - parking meter all of the time 
If I run out of ale - it's Thunderbird wine 

Miller drinking - chicken eating - dress so fly 
I got friends in high places that are keeping me high 
Dow with Mike D. and it ain't no hassle 
Got the ladies of the eighties from here to White Castle 

Hold it now - hit it! 

M.C. - Adam Yauch in the place to be 
And all the girls are on me cause I'm down with Mike D. 
I'm down with Mike D. and it ain't no baloney 
For real, not phony - "O.E." and Rice-a-Roni 

I come out at night 'cause I sleep all day 
And I'm the King Adrock and he's M.C.A. 
Well I'm cruising, I'm bruising - I'm never ever losing 
I'm in my car - I'm going far and dust is what I'm using 

Around the way is where I'm from 
And I'm from Manhattan and I'm not a bum 
Because you're pud-slapping, ball-flapping - got that juice 
My name's Mike D. and I can do that Jerry Lewis 

Hold it now, hit it!

Hip-hop, body rockin' - doing the do 
Beer drinking, breath stinking, sniffing glue 
Belly flipping, always illing, busting caps 
My name's Mike D. and I write my own snaps 

I'm a peep-show seeking on the forty-deuce 
I'm a killer at large and I'm on the loose 
Pistol packing, Monkey drinking, no money bum 
I come from Brooklyn 'cause that's where I'm from 

Cheap-skate, perpetrating - money hungry jerk 
Everyday I drink a "O.E." and I don't go to work 
You drippy nose knuckle-head - you're we behind the ears 
You like men - and we like beer. 

Hold it now, hit it!

King of the Ave. with the Def female 
You're rhyming and stealin' with the freshest ale 
Cooling at the crib watching my TV 
Ed Norton - Ted Knight - and Mr. Ed 

Pump it up homeboy - just don't stop 
Chef Boy-are-dee cooling on the pot 
I take no slack cause I got the knack 
And I'm never dusting out 'cause I torch that crack 

The King Adrock - that is my name 
And you're drinking Moet - we got the champagne 
A quarter dropping - going shopping buying wigs 
Surgeon general cut professor - D.J. Thigs 

Hold it now, hit it!