Send "Danger Part 2" Ringtone to your Cell [ *P.F. Cuttin cuts up* ]
(Now I'm gonna show you how the East coast rocks) --&gt; KRS-One
(And now..)
(The more dangerous)  --&gt; Notorious B.I.G.

[ Outloud ]
Now there's multi styles in my possession
No question, I be nice
Rappers lose like Master Ace rollin dice
Who precise? Check the visuals, we leave no residuals
Individuals makin gold diggers miserable
So no-no for beef, smoke the cocoa leaf
There's no relief as this rap door revolves
And I enter, ???? like people homes
Blow up mics like I blow illegal phones
Homes is flesh and bones, not the fraud you're looking for
The plunder, go under, think we're one-hit wonder, yo, I spoil it
flush that talk down the toilet, sip the alcoholic
Uhh, then Blahzay hit you with the whatchamacallit
You bleed red water, step into my red quarter
Out of order, Medina
Animals eat you like piranha
Cat chow, I never bow, still I aim to please
Drain what you got like if I was your main squeeze
Wack MC's ease, the end is here at last
Jet real fast with your tail between yo ass

(The more dangerous)  --&gt; Notorious B.I.G.

[ Trigga tha Gambler ]
My rap begins by collision, Trigga mention
The flow mainstream, it change your visual decision
The jump funk, bodies in my trunk, and you're really dumb, punk
With your odd stories, your dream ship will get sunk
I'm the jaw-locker, ripper, face-??? cock-a-blocker
Body-dropper, flo'-mopper, show-stopper
The misdemeanor, dreamer, money-schemer
Slip the clip in infrared-beamer
Nighty-nighty deceased-dreamer
The wipe-out, out-wipe the competition
My pistol-whippin, ass-kickin, public enemy-demolition
They say Brownsville niggas double cross, bodybags get tossed
Dangerous for you niggas fuckin with my gun sport

(The more dangerous)  --&gt; Notorious B.I.G.

[ L.A. the Darkman ]
See, now you didn't heed the warning, so here come the remix
Check the prefix: re-
So I'ma re-kicks yo ass splendid
Leavin MC's twisted and bended from a touch of that Darkman rap segment
Enter the dangerzone at your own risk
The rap arsonist, lyrical demolisionist
Feel the fist when it rips through
Your skin, your muscle, flesh and bodily tissue
Never to miss you, my rhymes leave the punk seekin
I shoot em, then hit your dome and leave your mic leakin
Then I'm creepin, my style is on some next shit
Rhymes hit your chest and use your back for the exit
Flexin is not recommended
My lyrics bash your brains and leave your foreheads dented
I meant it, me, I be the Blahzay lieutenant
Swingin on MC's like I'm goin for the pennant

(The more dangerous)  --&gt; Notorious B.I.G.

[ Smoothe da Hustler ]
It's the Hustler, Lone Shark from Saratoga Ave.
Ave. Saratoga from Lone Shark, Hustler to it's
I'm rushin you clicks, forwards and backwards
My tactics interact with tracks
Contacts my facts to keep you flippin like a matress
Matress a like flippin me keep to facts
My contact tracks with interact tactics
My backwards and forwards match
If you peepin how I'm creepin
And you ain't sleepin
My verse was dispersed, then reversed
I'm better than medicine, Next Level veteran
The type to go to the show, deep with three on the guestlist
Stop, turn around and say I'm stressin
Watch how I finesse this
And get a levelling, dissed I never been
Hardrocks'll splatter, assault and batter ya
My thug life-tapes are historical from archives in Attica
And I be the man behind the man behind the man at hand
When the Hustler's in the house (oh my God) understand?

(The more dangerous)  --&gt; Notorious B.I.G.

[ D.V. alias Khrist ]
Danger, danger
When the East is in the house
Danger, danger
Oh my God
 Send "Danger Part 2" Ringtone to your Cell