Rub, rub, rubby-doo-day;
Rum-pum-pum a-rum-pum-pum-pum!
ooh yeah!!!
Dready got a job to do
And he's got to fulfill that mission
To see his hurt is their greatest ambition, yeah!
But-a we will survive in this world of competition,
'Cause no matter what they do
Natty keep on comin'through,
And no matter what they say-ay-ay-ay,
Natty de deh every day. yeah!
Natty Dread rides again,
Through the mystics of tomorrow,
Natty Dread rides again:
Have no fear, have no sorrow, yeah!

All and all you see but one
Is to fight against Rastaman.
So they build their world in great confusion
To force on us the devil's illusion.
But the stone that the builder refuse
Shall be the head cornerstone,
And no matter what game they play,
Eh, we got something they could never take away;
We got something they could never take away:

And it's the fire (fire), it's the fire (fire)
That's burning down everything:
Feel that fire (fire), the fire (fire);
Only the birds have their wings, yeah!
No time to be deceived.
Oh, brothers, you should know and not believe:
Jah say this judgement - it could never be with water,
No water could put out this fire (fire):
This fire (fire), this fire (fire),
This fire (fire), a yaga y'all! Ride, Natty, ride!
Go deh, Dready, go deh,
'Cause now the fire is out of control,
Panic in the city, wicked weeping for their gold!
Everywhere this fiyah is burning,
Destroying and melting their gold,
Destroying and waisting their souls.

Go ride, Natty, ride!
Go deh, Dready! Go deh!

Tell you what: now the people gather on the beach
And the leader try to make a speech,
But the Dreadies understandin' that it's too late:
Fire is burning;
Man, pull your own weight!
Fiyah is burning;
Man, pull your own weight!
Natty Dread rides again (Natty Dread rides again);
And me say, Go deh, Dready! Go deh! (go deh, go deh)
Oh ride, Natty, ride! (Dread rides again)
And go deh, Dready! (Go deh, go deh)
Ridin' through the storm,
Riding through the calm (go deh, go deh).
Oh ride, Natty, ride!
Go deh, Dready, go deh!
Ride, Natty, ride!
Go deh, Dready, do deh!