Artist: Canibus
Album: 'C' True Hollywood Stories
Song: A Different Vibe In L.A.
Producer: Archives
Time: 3.50

[Chorus]
Doop-doop da-da..
It's a whole different vibe when you in L.A.
Doop-doop da-da..
It's a whole different vibe when you in L.A.
Doop-doop da-da..
It's a whole different vibe when you in L.A.
Doop-doop da-da..
It's a whole different vibe when you in L.A.

[Canibus]
Cruising down Melrose hella slow in a yellow Marinello 
Looking for who sells shell toes that I can match with my silk robe 
I'm like Hugh Hefner at twenty-six years old, with clear goals 
Yeah, I'll take two pair of those 
I love the way my toes feel in the cyber-foam soles when I'm doing shows // 
Who knows? I'm prepared to go to and fro 
All I do is tell you dudes, “Where the Western Union doe?” 
You need my Social Security info? 
Here's my tax ID number it's worth tenfold 
I remember my first album it shipped Gold 
That's an insult, considering I did this one at Kinko's 
I'm dying to see what this one sold 
Will the critics diss it at all or will they feed ‘Bis to the wolves? 
Like I haven't been there before 
But at least I'm on a different vibe now this year it's on 

[Chorus]

[Canibus]
It's definitely a different vibe west of the Prime Meridian 
Producers play with live instruments, rhymes are wittier 
But don't sleep ‘cause in a heartbeat Cali'll shit on ya 
Someone'll put a hit on ya, this'll be where they bury ya 
I think it's beautiful, I don't want to be scaring ya 
The women are prettier and the chronic is superior 
Got a girl from Syria, smells like strawberries on her period 
I'm serious, that's why I moved in with the chic 
We're on the top of Mount Olympus sharing our interests 
Over a moonlit dinner, burning some incense, she looked so innocent 
Next thing I know she's pinning me to the bed like a scene out of ‘Basic Instinct' 
Wore a pink mink and a double link mink 
She didn't know I was a rapper and I did my thing-thing 
What a coincidence she listen to Eminem and NSYNC 
Shaggy, Nelly and the St. Lunatic clique 

[Chorus]

[Canibus]
Yeah baby, Canibus in the flesh, everybody want a dose of me 
Come here honey, stand close to me, take a photo with me 
Take this address, if you develop them post one to me 
If you miss me and you want to kiss me, blow one to me 
I like your eccentricities, tailor fitting jeans 
Tennis bracelets from Tiffany's in Venice, Italy 
Are you from the Middle East? 
I plan to travel there after my new release, I got Timbaland doing some beats 
Yeah, his cousin goes to school with my niece 
By the way, I'm sort of starved, what kind of food do you eat? 
Yeah sure, hop in the car, we'll cruise the streets 
Around here I know a lot of cool places to eat 
You're off from what, noon to three? Just roll with me 
My homie Lou just two-wayed me from Laguna Beach 
You can meet the rest of the crew, a bunch of super-freaks 
We gotta unwind, we about to hit the road in two weeks, come on 

[Chorus]

Doop-doop da-da.. (repeat to fade)