Send "Hot Gates of Hell" Ringtone to your Cell Go tell the spartans stranger passing by-That herem obedient to their laws, we lie!

Xerxes builds an army, one quarter million strong to conquer and devour… He knows it won't be long! Till the west and all it's riches fall to his persian throng-(And nobody will dare - stand in my way)! (And I shall rule the world)!

Athens stands defiant but she knows there's little chance-If only there were someone to slow Xerxes advance! A pland could then be mustered to hault this dread expanse-But where will we find this courage of mind!

Who will stop this threat from the east? Who will answer the call? If no one stops this menacing beast then civilization falls! Who will stop this threat from the east? Who will answer the call? If no one stops this menacing beast then civilization falls!

Leonidus then comes forward the spartan king decrees-Greece shall be defended by 300 men and me! We will meet the mighty persians at Thermoplyae and there we will buy you these days with our lives!

From the pages of time for the blood of our kind comes a story to tell at the hot gates of hell! When the fire grows cold let this tale be told of the brave men who fell at the hot gates of hell!

Report come back to Xerxes of the force that's challenging-He laughs at their small numbers and with words speaks threatening! Tell this Leonidus the foolish Spartan king-To surrender his weapons or death I will brind! (and I shall rule the world)

The persian scouts deliver this message to alarm-Your forces are outnumbered but to you will come no harm! You may return to Sparta if you just lay down your arms-And Leonidus replies tell Xerxes - Come and get them!

From the pages of time for the blood of our kind comes a story to tell at the hot gates of hell! When the fire grows cold let this tale be told of the brave men who fell at the hot gates of hell!

Now the persians charge with a savage roar and the earth it trembles with their many score! With a thunder crash these two worlds collide-For the fate of all they will decide!

The Spartans hold their ground-The Persians are cut to pieces! The incursion is shutdown-As day one ends!

Xerxes angered by this sound defeat-Gives now this order to his troops elite! My immortal guard for the fighting bred-Do not leave the field 'till every Spartans dead!

The Spartans drive them back, the immmortals are butchered like cattle… Thousands die from their attack as day two ends!

Then the great kind hears of a traitorous greek and for a sum of gold Ephialtes speaks! Of a hidden pass to deploy the ranks-Leonidus is then outflanked!

The Spartans fought with valor, with blunted sword and spear-But soon they were surrounded and the end for them was clear!

The Persians thus encircled but so fearful of their foe-In a shower of deadly arrows they dealt the killing blow!

And the fading sun reflects it's glow on the bronze and crimson far below-Three hundred and One in endless sleep from their blood the dry earth now drinks deep!

But for the fallen spartans death was not in vain-For events were now unfolding as the oracle ordained!

And as the Persian navy sails into Salimis-Hellenic ships lie waiting inconspicous and the trap is sprung!

Now the Persian ships are burning, their men drown in the sea-As Greece and all her hoplites shout in victory!

And on the plains of Plataea Xerxes troops are crushed-Against 5000 spartans they're slaughtered in the dust! And as Xerxes flees out for his life-He could hear those Spartans cry!

From the pages of time for the blood of our kind comes a story to tell at the hot gates of hell! When the fire grows cold let this tale be told of the brave men who fell at the hot gates of hell!
 Send "Hot Gates of Hell" Ringtone to your Cell