Step out the front door like a ghost into the fog,
Where no one notices the contrast of white on white,
And in between the moon and you, angels get a better view,
Of the crumbling difference between wrong and right.
Well I walk in the air between the rain,
Through myself and back again, where? I don't know,
Maria says she's dying, through the door I hear her crying,
Why? I don't know.

Round here, we always stand up straight,
Round here, something radiates.

Maria came from Nashville with a suitcase in her hand,
She said she'd like to meet a boy who looks like Elvis,
And she walked along the edge of where the ocean meets the land,
Just like she's walking on a wire in the circus,
She parks her car outside of my house and takes her clothes off,
Says she's close to understanding Jesus,
And she knows she's more than just a little misunderstood,
She has trouble acting normal when she's nervous.

Round here, we're carving out our names,
Round here, we all look the same,
Round here, we talk just like lions,
But we sacrifice like lambs,
Round here, she's slipping though my hands.

Oh, sleeping children better run like the wind,
Out of the lightning dream,
Mama's little baby better get herself in,
Out of the lightning.

She says, it's only in my head,
She says, shhh, I know, it's only in my head,
But the girl on the car in the parking lot,
Says, man, you should try to take a shot,
Can't you see my walls are crumbling?
Then she looks up at the building,
Says she's thinking of jumping,
She says she's tired of life,
She must be tired of something.

Round here, she's always on my mind,
Round here, hey man, I got lots of time,
Round here, we're never sent to bed early,
And nobody makes us wait,
Round here, we stay up very, very, very, very late.

I... I can't see nothing, nothing, round here,
Oh, you catch me if I'm falling,
You catch me if I'm falling,
You catch me 'cause I'm falling down on you,
I said I'm under the gun, round here,
Oh man, I said I'm under the gun, round here,
And I can't see nothing, nothing, round here.