Maagghhh, let's start the fuckin show, ah?

[Sen Dog]
Freak to the funk that no-one else is bringing
Sen Dog with the funky bilenge
Yeah thats the nombre, heard the homey
Peace to Mellow and Frost en el deporte
Sen Dog is not kid of veterano
Im down, another fried hispano
One of the many of the latin de este año
And I got plenty for the Jennies tryin to hound dog
But wait, they're clownin on me cause of my language
I have to tell em straight up, its called Spanglish
Now who's on the pinga tha gringo
Tryin to get paid, from the funky bilingual

[Chorus: B-Real and Sen Dog]

Latin lingo baby (funky bilingual) funky bilingual
Yeah, funky bilingual!
Latin lingo baby (funky bilingual) funky bilingual
It's the latin lingo!

[Sen Dog]
Cuando entro, when I come in, suckers fronted
Me mira another bilingual from villa
Vengo con un ejemplo, check the tiempo
Ahhh... esta chingon el instrumento
Ya oiste, como somos
Yo no jodo, I gots the soul dose
And you can hear it, en las congas
Tribal ceremony as the Hill gets stronger
Don't be such a leper, what u got for la cabeza?
Hey homes, pass the cervaza
Before I have to go and push up on your resa
Hhhmm she's fine, son que fresca
Here homes have a hit of this yesca
Di yo enseño the leño lo prendo
Now you know, that I am in the centro
Where you live, si tu puedes
Nowadays you ain't shit without your puentes
Something like it's gangbang, vatos quieren BANG BANG!
Could of hung out with them now you callin me a insane
Salte de mi cara, sal de mi camino
Make way, for the the funky bilingual

[Chorus: B-Real and Sen Dog]

Latin lingo baby (funky bilingual) funky bilingual
Funky bilinguals hoe!
Latin lingo baby (funky bilingual) funky bilingual
It's the latin lingo, baby!
Latin lingo baby (funky bilingual) funky bilingual
Funky bilingual...
Some of that old Latin funk, knowhatI'msayin?

[Sen Dog]

(What's up homey?  Don't you know me?)  Simon!
(Ain't you the brother of the mas pingon?)  Straight up
And I'm down with La Raza
Kid Frost got my back, BOO-YAA! in la casa
Cause everyday things get a little crazier
As I step to the microphone area
First I claim my city, puro Los Angeles
Yeah (you know homes) that's where the calles is
Vato wouldn't know me, along with the heinas
Catchin all them slippin, for they such a one-timer
So when you see me at the party or the baile
Before I got here I was gaffled in the calle
Troop like a vacho who said I was baracho
Had an attitude, tried to play me macho
Just relax, calmado mijo
Sen Dog with the funky bilingual

[Chorus: B-Real and Sen Dog]

Latin lingo baby, funky bilingual
Funky bilingual
Latin lingo baby, funky bilingual
Funky bilingual
Latin lingo baby, funky bilingual
Funky bilingual... funky baby!

Yeah, I'd like to send peace, to my homeboy B-Real
Mellow Man Ace, Kid Frost, Ralph M the Mexican
And we're out