Send "We Play the Music" Ringtone to your Cell All into discotheque,
Holding together now.
No matter what the weather now
Rich in …
Gather out …

Ohhhh, hot as a furnace. 
Got everybody jumping across the Earth's surface. 
So please, turn it up, 
It's about a thousand degrees and I'm burning up. 
I wanna piece of what you're cooking so serve it up. 
You think that you've heard it all. 
You haven't heard enough. I wanna 
Keep rocking till the beat starts thumping 
When the b-line's jumping and my feet start stomping. 
Ohhh I'm feeling oh so marvelous
And the people gather round in the club with us
There’s something that people should know, now

We play the music for the people all around,
Getting hot of my feet on the ground.
We keep it moving and it ain’t no stopping now.
So my DJ just turn it righ round

Life without music is unbearable
So terrible, unfeasible
Unbelievable and incomprehensible
Can you imagine the life without festivals
House parties always are best of all
Glastonbury to Notting Hill carnival 
We commit tonight the party
We follow you now
Let’s get down

We got it if you want, it people never give it up
Dance until your feet get hot
We got it if you want, it people never give it up
Dance until the music stops
We got it if you want, it people never give it up
Dance until your feet get sore
We got it if you want, it people never give it up
DJ please give them one more

We play the music for the people all around,
Getting hot of my feet on the ground.
We keep it moving and it ain’t no stopping now
So my DJ just turn it right round

Stand up, hands up, no sit down
Gather around everybody and get down
Slim, fat, white, black, all people
It no matter where are you from, all equal
All colors, all creed and gender
Races and faces presenter
To the cinder of floor surrender
To the sound of the music and …
I yell my party animal Hell yes
To let you know if you don’t already notice
Make intentionally everybody notice
‘cause you're listening to random acts of kindness
something to enjoy
Every gone … boy and girl
Just spin it over here 
And give it to me now

We play the music for the people all around,
Getting hot of my feet on the ground.
We keep it moving and it ain’t no stopping now
So my DJ just turn it right round
We play the music for the people all around,
Getting hot of my feet on the ground.
We keep it moving and it ain’t no stopping now
So my DJ just turn it right round
 Send "We Play the Music" Ringtone to your Cell