I've got somethin' to say, got somethin' to say
All right (Can you fill me in?) Come on
Can you fill me in? (Watcha want, watcha want me to do baby?)
Can you fill me in? (Let's talk 'bout it, check it out)

I was checkin' this girl next door when her parents went out
She'd phone say "hey boy, come on right around"
So I knock at the door, you were standin' with a bottle of red wine, ready to pour
Dressed in long black satin laced to the floor
So I went in then, we sat down start kissin', caressin'
Told me 'bout jacuzzi sounded interestin' so, we jumped right in
All calls diverted to answerphone
Please leave a message after the tone
I mean me & her parents were kinda cool
But they were the fine line between me & you
We were just doin' thingz young people in love do
Parents tryin' to find out what we were up to sayin'

Why were you creepin' 'round late last night?
Why could I see two shadowz movin' in yo bedroom light?
Now you're dressed in black, when I left you were dressed in white
Can you fill me in?
Calls diverted to answerphone
Red wine bottle half the contents gone
Midnight return jacuzzi turned on
Can you fill me in? (It's another one, it's another one)

Whenever the coast was clear & she'd ask me to come out
I'd say "hey girl, come on right around"
So she knocked at the door, I was standin' with the keys in my hand to the four by four. 
Jumped in my ride checkin' that nobody saw
The club we went in, we got down bounce bounce to the rhythm
Saw it was early mornin' thought we'd better be leavin'
So I gave you my jacket for you to hold
Told you to wear it 'cos you felt cold
I mean me & her didn't mean to break the rules
I weren't tryin' to play yo mum & dad for fools
We were just doin' thingz young people in love do
Parents tryin' to find out what we were up to sayin'

Why can't you keep your promises no more?
Sayin' you'll be home by 12 come strollin' in at 4
Out with the girlz but leavin' with the boy next door
Can you fill me in?
Wearin' a jacket whose property?
Said you'd been queuin' for a taxi
But you left all your money on the tv
Can you fill me in?

Some of them a hate, some of them a love this
Some of them on the mic are hopeless
Some of them a try, some of them a try this
So I, just take no notice, notice
When I rhyme bubble bubble like this
Jump around in my Adidas
Craig David R&B vocalist, vocalist
Come with the wicked and crisp
Just, gimme that microphone
With the brand new flava to bring it on
So I can lace the track, lace the song with the re-e-mix come on, come on
Keepin' it real that's what I say
Singin' a lyrical display
Big shouts to the peeps from around my way, my friends, my family and all that know me

Rocking to the C, to the R-A-I-G
Communicate via kinetic energy,
Then lyrically on the MIC
Then digitally transferred onto CD,
So what if you can purchase me for no money
Just download me free on MP3
I wanna conquer the world and break my CD
Makes more sense more people can hear me
You feel me,
It aint all about wealth
It doesn't have to be a problem within itself
This bubblin base it could be bad for your health
So baby shake that ass and watch yourself
As I proudly present the double combo
With this Craig David stamp and seal of approval
Chunky & Sunship riddem to make the crowd say bo
With brand new remix for the people

This is the brand new format
For all the cats who thought I weren't all that
And all the girls talking behind my back
Telling my girlfriend how I'm sleeping with all these different girls from round about
I'm walking away to find a better day
Brand new remix designed for the DJ
So for all the junk you giving up the same melody
Lyrically feeling verses like a veteran MC
Better be ready, gonna make the crowd lively
The way I flow allows me to lace the track properly
Or maybe, I just know how to rock a party
I sang Craig David all over your body
Now I know this seems as though it can't be possible
How a young kid can kick so many combos
On show and stereos literally everywhere he goes
But now I think its time that the whole world knows, what! 


All they seem to do
Is be checkin' up on you baby
Watchin' our every move
Think someday they might approve maybe..

Why were you creepin' 'round late last night?
Why could I see two shadowz movin' in yo bedroom light?
Now you're dressed in black, when I left you were dressed in white
Can you fill me in?
Calls diverted to answerphone
Red wine bottle half the contents gone
Midnight return jacuzzi turned on
Can you fill me in? (It's another one, it's another one)