Featuring Wyclef Jean]  

 Intro:  

 This is not the burial  it's the ressurection  

 Hey kids gather round (All around the world)  

 It's DJ Muggs with Wyclef (yeah  all around the world)  

 Aha  I got a story to tell (All around the world)  

 Check it out  c'mon  

 Chorus:  

 What do you mean  John 3:16?  

 For God's soul of the world  every man packs an M 16 (aha)  

 Says the boy to the fiend  what do you mean? Huh (aha)  

 What do you mean, John 3:16?  

 For God's soul of world, every man packs an M-16  

 I wanna wake up from this dream (I wanna wake up from this dream)  

 Check it out  

 Verse 1:  

 I caught the bullet, I was stumblin like a mulet  

 Drink white Russian game, Russian roulette  

 Flight Continental six o'clock in the mornin  

 briefcase full o' cocaine, on my way out I tipped the doorman  

 Jumped into the cab said "Hail Mary, full of Grace"  

 Yesterday, communion was the Mafia's reunion  

 Confessed to the priest, evade the apple, I ate the peach  

 Slept with Vanity, sold my soul to Robyn Leach  

 Devil music in my ear, no fear, I'm pumpin Def Leppard  

 Slow down, here comes the narc with the german shepard  

 I got the plan, man, meet me in the van  

 I got this kid from the Sudan bringin Teks from Iran (aha)  

 Chorus:  

 What do you mean, John 3:16?  

 For God's soul of the world, every man packs an M-16  

 Says the boy to the fiend (all around the world, aha)  

 what do you mean? (What do you mean? All around the world)  

 What do you mean, John 3:16?  

 For God's soul of world, every man packs an M-16  

 Says the girl to the fiend (aha)  

 So on the streets the product must be clean (aha)  

 Verse 2:  

 Five-eleven  

 The onion went to heaven  

 Yo, with the gun to his head  

 Yo, he was already dead  

 Sunday morning in court, the judge got Wyclef confessin  

 "Yo, I murdered Steve Austin", now I'm wanted by Bionic Woman  

 Women bring you more miseries like that movie  

 Stress, go to India, smoke hash with Ghandi (aha)  

 My bills of rights is to make sure you're alright  

 Superman left the gang cos his weakness was Cripstonite (bing)  

 Our father got the cottonballs to his cheeks  

 Pig couldn't fly straight so you die in your sleep  

 I stay awake only to see nigga demons  

 The onion got murdered, the day was the sabbath  

 Chorus:  

 What do you mean, John 3:16?  

 For God's soul of the world, every man packs an M-16  

 "What do you mean?" says the boy to the fiend  

 while we kill him for the green (aha)  

 What do you mean, John 3:16?  

 For God's soul of world, every man packs an M-16  

 Says the girl to fiend (all around the world)  

 I wanna wake up from this dream  

 Verse 3:  

 I know this drug dealer who drive a black beamer  

 Dreadlock cut off once by this girl named Delila  

 Pretty little dancer, voice like Tina Turner  

 Chickenheads, are you a virgin? Yeah right, so is Madonna?  

 S-s-sinner, sinner seek the master  

 If not, feel the explosion from the day after  

 Bit by the vampire, worked for the mobster  

 Two to da head now you swimmin with the lobsters  

 We got'cha got'cha set up in Oklahoma  

 You caught a bad one like a kid catchin pneumonia  

 So storyteller, what's the moral of this story?  

 Live reality and don't get caught up in your fantasy  

 Chorus:  

 What do you mean, John 3:16?  

 For God's soul of the world, every man packs an M-16  

 Says the boy to the fiend (all around the world)  

 Are aren't we all human beings?  

 What do you mean, John 3:16?  

 For God's soul of world, every man packs an M-16 (M-16)  

 But the dream is steal for greens, (so) so we die in the steam  

 This is how it is around the way, y'knowhutI'msayin Muggs?  

 Wyclef and it don't stop, Refugee Camp, bing