[DMX] 
Uh-huh (Y'KNOW?) 
.. 
ARF! 
Uhh.. 

Take it for what it's worth, my birth was a blessing 
Sent to live and die, on earth as a lesson 
We each have a star, all we have to do is find it 
Once you do, everyone who sees it will be blinded (WHAT?) 
They'll tell you that you're bright, and say you have a future 
When you turn your back, same cats'll try to shoot ya 
Niggaz ain't shit, I can live on both sides of the fence 
Forget what you do, when you talk, see what you really meant (aight?) 
That's what I thought, them niggaz was bluffin (uh) 
They talk all day but say, nothin (uh) 
It gets so dark (WHAT?) haze so intense 
Since this first rain it's like it's rained ever since (WHAT?) 
Never got paid for a rhyme but I flow (whoo) 
Never got a plate on time but I grow (whoo) 
Live your life, STAY on the line but I go (UHH) 
Went from doin crime to bein kind cause I know 

Chorus: DMX (repeat 2X) 

I'm gon' live forever, I'm never gon' die 
Only thing I fear is that I'm never gon' fly 
Carry my weight but I'm never gon' cry 
Shit I tell y'all niggaz straight cause I'm never gon' lie 

[DMX] 
What is about who I am that makes me unforgettable (HMM) 
What it is about what I've done that makes it so incredible (uhh) 
"More money, more problems" -- well the fame was worse (uh-huh) 
I reached out for love and what came back was thirst (WHAT?) 
Blessed with the curse (uh) niggaz don't hear me 
Niggaz don't hear me, Y'ALL NIGGAZ, don't hear me (uh) 
What'd I just say? "Nigga g'head" - you see that? 
You gots to FEEL ME to catch what I'm sayin, BELIEVE THAT (UHH!) 
But leave that, alone (WHAT?) 
We gon' make a nigga wanna be at, your home (WHAT?) 
Oh you kinda quiet with the heat at, your dome (UHH!) 
If the dog got he's gonna bring back a bone 
cause we got the chrome (C'MON!) 
This is what I live for, or die for 
I'm the nigga with the high score, you try for 
What you niggaz wanna lie for? It changes nothin 
I'm true for cats, yet some strangers bluffin 

Chorus 

[DMX] 
Now if I take what he gave me and I, use it right (uh-huh) 
In other words if I listen and, use the light (uh-huh) 
Then what I say will remain here, after I'm gone 
Still here, on the strength of a song, I live on (HMM) 
No second-guessin on what I stood for, I was good for 
stoppin niggaz from killin each other in the hood war (UHH) 
Comin through showin love, throwin up (UHH) 
Them cats not throwin love, you know whassup (WHAT?) 
Dark Man baby, that's my name 
and I gots to be the realest nigga (UHH) up in this game 
Cause ain't no shame, they don't make em like, this no more 
Real to the core, big heart but built for war 
I stand for what I believe in 
Even if what I believe in stops me from breathin 
Relatives grievin, but I ain't went nowhere 
Listen to the song (C'MON) I'm right there 

Chorus