[Dyme]
Why do good girls (what what what) like bad guys?

[DMX]
Hey yo Boo, why do (good girls) like bad guys?
Knowin that bad guys tell mad lies?
(And why do) dog niggaz (want a honey wit class?)
(Sometimes you want more than just a honey wit ass)

[DMX]
Uh, uh
Hey yo, who would ever think that the two would go good
Midtown honey, nigga from the hood
But knock on wood, I got this bitch (what?) excuse me
She don't like to be called a bitch, try not to lose me
The rules we go by, where I'm from, she don't know
When I say I'm goin around the way, she won't go
(Hell no)  C'mon baby, you aight with me
Tryin to get you, to spend the whole night with me
(But I'm a good girl)  Uhh, that's why I like her
Couldn't treat her like a hoodrat, didn't bite her
Turn a church girl to a straight Ruff Ryder
Take her to the Ramada make it an all nighter
(Oh no, I only go to the Swiss hotel)
Fuckin with me?  I have you in the back of the Chevelle
Like what (what) hittin it raw dogg in the butt
You was good this mornin, but tonight you a slut

[Chorus: DMX (Dyme)]

Why do (good girls) like bad guys
Knowin that bad guys tell mad lies?
(And why do) dog niggaz (want a honey wit class?)
(Sometimes you want more than just a honey wit ass)
Hey yo Boo, why do (good girls) like bad guys
Knowin that bad guys tell mad lies?
(Then why do) dog niggaz (want a honey wit class?)
(Sometimes you want more than just a honey wit ass)

[Dyme]
Hey yo Boo, I'm diggin you, cause you make me wanna do
all them things I was taught I wasn't supposed to
I'm secure, keep it tight while you on tour
(You fuckin wit a dog!)  That's why I'm feelin you more
Attractive to me, wit yo' tactics
Hit it like AHHH!  Make me backflip
(You been tryin to act, rich, that's why I taxed you
And I just got married) Hell, but I ain't even ask you
(I'm just tellin you, cause nowadays, bitches be flippin)
One more bitch, I'm skippin (Damn girl, stop trippin)
Cause you be actin like
(Listen, I ain't always talkin money
But I will keep you wit a smile, and walkin funny
So what's it gon' be?)  Yo, what you mean?  (What to do?
You want the nigga wit the slacks, or the jeans and the boots?
You wanna be safe or be laced, cause you can be replaced)
Yeah, you can be erased
(Don't get slapped, babyface)

[Chorus]

[DMX]
Man, I got shorty stayin out late (Well I keep him wit a cut
and his nails stay clean)  At least I get a nut
And I got honey rebellin (And I stopped him from sellin)
I be gettin away with murder, right? (shit, I ain't tellin)
Straight out the hood (yeah, nigga you get mushy)
I got honey suckin dick (and I got you eatin pussy)
I can be good in a bad way (I can be bad in a good way)
Girl, you ain't the same dog (that's what them rats in the hood say
or would say, if you was around them more often)
I got honey smokin weed (it be havin me coughin)
She keep the dog on the leash (when we walk in the streets)
And if y'all think it's sweet (then the dog's off the leash
Now I don't want no drama, wit no baby's mama
I might be a good girl, but I keeps the armor)
Girl, you off the hook, but at least now I know why
Good girls like bad guys

[Chorus]

[Dyme]
Why do good girls (what what what) like bad guys?
Why do good girls (what what what) like bad guys?
Why do good girls (what what what) like bad guys?
Why do good girls (what what what) like bad guys?
Uhh, uhh
C'mon, yeah, I like that
C'mon, wha wha what
Yeah yeah, DMX
Dyme, baby girl
Ruff Ryder, uhh, yeah..