DMX] 
Don't do it dog, it's just not worth it 
Uhh.. grrrrrr.. what the fuck have they done? 
Arf! Arf! 
Chorus: DMX (repeat 2X) 

Now don't you ever (fuck around) 
Now don't you ever (fuck around) 
Nigga don't you ever (fuck around) 
Now don't you ever (fuck around) 

[DMX] 
Aiyyo I got a mean flow that'll drown niggaz, put down niggaz 
Can't stand to be around niggaz if they clown niggaz 
How many times must I break the same niggaz off somethin dumb 
so we know, where the fuck I'm comin from? 
Gun and ones, watch a black nigga turn purple 
with this fo'-pound, I bust mo' rounds, in the circle 
The nigga that try is the same nigga that fry 
So whenever there's a beef gets in the way that he die 
I'm Evil, like Keneival, faggot I'll leave you 
like I shoulda did your peoples before they could conceive you 
How's a buck-fifty sound, for a quick ass cut? 
Here's a flasback, I fuckin blow your bitch-ass up 
And it's no problem, handlin a nigga with a death wish 
Leave him breatheless, and hit his wife with a dead fish 
Must I show this nigga, I can throw this nigga, I'll blow this nigga 
You can get it too, because your nose is bigger 

Chorus 

[DMX] 
I get pumped, just like a bodybuilder 
And it's been more than a couple of times my pump shottie spilt a 
nigga's guts on the door, because he wanted more 
than he could stand, now him and his man is on the floor 
That's what you get for talkin shit you shouldn'ta got me started 
You motherfuckers never wanted nuttin, but you got it 
I shit on niggaz like a toilet, cause all it, takes 
is a second for ? to get hectic so call it 
How you want it?  Punk bitch talkin junk bitch 
Fuck around and you'll be found in a trunk bitch 
Niggaz is off-brand like no frills 
And I got mo' skills to show my fo' kills, my fuckin fo' thrills 
Got some cold shit, have you like - "Oh shit!" Don't laugh money 
When I'm done with this nigga, I'm gettin in yo' shit 
Break niggaz, especially fake niggaz over dumb shit 
with one hit, watch the dum-dum split this bum's shit 

Chorus 

[DMX] 
Fuckin see some cats thinkin the worst 
Dumb cats, them cats sleep in a hearse 
Where yo' guns at?  Run that, see a nigga thirst 
Been there, done that, and did it first 
Nigga can't tell me shit about this 
And I keep somethin that'll hit if I miss 
One thing a nigga stay with is hot shit 
Got this, what you cats want?  Not this 
I constantly gots to remind young niggaz 
Uh-uhh, don't do that, some niggaz 
think cause I ain't killed a nigga this week 
that shit is sweet 
Fuck around, you'll be dead in the street 
Red with a sheet, over the corpse 
Shit is deep, so I shed a tear, over the loss 
If you creep, then you niggaz'll roll with the force 
Shoulda paid that money that you owed to the boss 

Chorus 

[DMX] 
Uh-huh 
Don't do it dog, it's just not worth it 
Please heh, for your sake, hehehe 
Y'know?  C'mon!