Quick Skit: -gun fire- 
DMX: TALK IS CHEAP MUTHAFUCKA!!!!! 

Verse one: 

DMX: 
grrrrrrrrrrrrrrr........... 
What's on y'all niggaz minds 
fuckin' wit' me, y'all know somebody has 
told you about fuckin' wit' D, stuck in 
a tree is what you will be, like a cat 
and I'm the dog at the bottom, lookin' up 
what's that. 
Your worst nightmare is I take it right there, 
you got niggaz comin' where they at, right 
where? I make 'em like air, floatin' away, wouldn't 
tell what he was thinkin' so I opened a way, 
Went from broken away, you know he hurt before he died, 
makes you wonder if he lost his shirt before he died, only 
two knew the answer and one of us is dead, so anyone who 
seeks the truth can get it straight to head! 
Than you andf him can discuss what I did, yeah it was 
wrong dog but I slid, i'll repent one day, just not right 
now, you hear my shit all on the street i'm kinda hot 
right now! 

Come on! 

Hooks (Chorus): 

I DON'T GIVE A FUCK ABOUT 
CH'YALL NIGGAZ CAUSE Y'ALL 
AIN'T KILLIN' NUTTIN'!!! 

I DON'T GIVE A FUCK ABOUT 
CH'YALL NIGGAZ CAUSE Y'ALL 
AIN'T KILLIN' NUTTIN'!!! 

Verse two: 

I wanna break bread wit' da' katz 
that I starve with, wanna hit the 
malls with the same dogz I rob wit', 
wanna be able to laugh with the niggaz 
that I cried with, when it's over be like 
these is tha niggaz that I died wit'. 
What do you do when you find out in the 
hall there's a rat, what do you do when 
you find out that your dog is a cat, 
Shit, on niggaz back, can't hold but two 
so while you gettin' more gatz i'm puttin wholes 
in you, snubnose will do, break 'em off real 
proppa', need to keep it' spittin' but 
I ain't gonna stoppa', cocka, unlocka, let 
'em go, give it to his man just to let him know, 
All things considered it was real for' a minute, 
got what was yourz and tried to steal sometin' wit 
it, now feel sometin' hit it, your chest that is, 
the best that is, is probaly the best that slid, 
yo stress that kid! 

Hooks (Chorus): 

I DON'T GIVE A FUCK ABOUT 
CH'YALL NIGGAZ CAUSE Y'ALL 
AIN'T KILLIN' NUTTIN'!!! 

I DON'T GIVE A FUCK ABOUT 
CH'YALL NIGGAZ CAUSE Y'ALL 
AIN'T KILLIN' NUTTIN'!!! 

Verse 3: 

When Niggaz hear that dog bark, 
they betta run, when police hear 
that dog bark they betta come, they 
expect tha same thing that's live, 
and they lives will be lost, there 
is a price to pay, how many lives 
will be lost, COME ON! 
Since I run with the devil i'm one 
with the devil, I stay doin' dirt so 
I'm gonna come with the shovel, 
Hit chyou on a level of a madman who's mind's 
twisted, Made niggaz dreams caught the last 
train, mines missed it, Listed as a manic 
depressin' with extreme paranoya! and dog 
I got sometin' for ya! hear my name, feel my pain, 
niggaz wanna steal my fame, but first feel 
my reign, know what it's like to suffer, never 
have enough of shit, startin' off hard than 
only gettin' rougher! tougher, but than came 
the greese, so if you wanna say peace, tame the beast!.....