(feat. Sisqo)

[DMX] Uhh..
[Sisqo] DMX, Sisqo
[DMX] Yo.. what these bitches want from a nigga?
[Sisqo] Dru Hill, yaknahmsayin?
[DMX] What these bitches want from a nigga?
[Sisqo] HmmmMMMMMM (Ruff Ryders) DMX break em off 
[DMX] What these bitches want from a nigga?
[Sisqo] Break em off, some..

[DMX]
Aiyyo!!  Dog, I meet bitches, discrete bitches
Street bitches, slash, Cocoa Puff sweet bitches (WHAT?)
Make you wanna eat bitches, but not me
Y'all niggaz eat off the plate all you want but not D (UHH)
I fuck with these hoes from a distance
The instant they start to catch feelings
I start to stealin they shit
then I'm out just like a thief in the night
I sink my teeth in to bite
You thinkin life, I'm thinkin more like - whassup tonight?
Come on ma, you know I got a wife
and even though that pussy tight I'm not gon' jeapordize my life (aight?)
So what is it you want from a nigga? (WHAT?)
I gave you, you gave me - BITCH, I blazed you, you blazed me (c'mon)
Nothin more, nothin less, but you at my door
willin to confess that it's the best you ever tested
Better than all the rest, I'm like, "Aight girlfriend, hold up
I gave you, what you gave me Boo, a nut (f'real)"

Chorus: Sisqo

What these bitches want from a nigga?
 What you want.. (what you want)
What these bitches want from a nigga?
 Really want..
What these bitches want from a nigga?
 I've been keepin you up on it
 Bling bling'n, on that jewelry girl I bought it
What these bitches want from a nigga?
 Aiyyo, tell me what you want from me
 Baby tell me what you want from me!
 (So what you want?)

[DMX]
There was Brenda, LaTisha, Linda, Felicia (okay)
Dawn, LeShaun, Ines, and Alicia (ooh)
Teresa, Monica, Sharron, Nicki (uh-huh)
Lisa, Veronica, Karen, Vicky (damn)
Cookies, well I met her in a ice cream parlor (aight?)
Tonya, Diane, Lori and Carla (okay)
Marina (uhh) Selena (uhh) Katrina (uhh) Sabrina (uhh)
About three Kim's (WHAT?) LaToya, and Tina (WHOO!)
Shelley, Bridget, Cavi, Rasheeda (uh-huh)
Kelly, Nicole, Angel, Juanita (damn!)
Stacy, Tracie, Rohna, and Ronda (WHAT?)
Donna, Ulanda (WHAT?) Tawana, and Wanda (WHAT?)
were all treated fairly but yet and still
bitches is on some other shit now that I'm fuckin wit Dru Hill
But I'ma keep it real (WHAT?)
What the fuck you want from a nigga? (c'mon)
What the fuck you want from a nigga? (c'mon)

Chorus (w/ minor variations)

[DMX]
Aiyyo, I think about when a nigga didn't have (YEAH)
and a nigga told a joke, and the bitches didn't laugh
See now I do the math, I see if you got this 
and this and this to some cats, that nigga's the shit (aight?)
And that's all they fuckin with, but see these bitches don't know
If these bitches ain't for real, these bitches don't go
Knock on door, no show, I'm sleep tryin to creep
wit yo' best friend, put it in, dig deep

[Sisqo - singing over dub chorus]
X let me talk to em for a minute
Oooohhh I know I know it's so hard to be
a victim of my reality
Heard you callin me names, said I was trife
One thing you gotta know, I'ma be a nigga for life
Ooooooooooh yeahhhhhhhhh yeahhhh
Oahahohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

Chorus 2X (w/ Sisqo ad-libs)