[DMX]
Same old shit dog, just a different day
You know how niggas do when we play how we play
IT IS NOT A FUCKING GAME!
A man's gotta do what a man's gotta do
If it's fuck me nigga, then you know it's fuck you

I kick it to shorty to try to help him understand (uuh)
Hit him with work cause yo, that's my little man (uh-uhh)
He asked a few questions bout the game and I told him 
And when he made a bad move it was my place to scold him (aight)
Never told nutting wrong, I kept it fair
He didn't listen , so I might as well have been talking to the air (damn)
Everybody makes mistakes, and mistakes is aight
But if it ain't,Ima tell you straight time to say goodnight
Nobody likes to be played, regardless of the relationship
But shorty's fucking up big time, I HATE THIS SHIT
I'm caught in the middle of having love for a lil' nigga
Knowing what's expected of me as a real nigga (damn)
My next move is crucial, wat do I do?
How do I keep real to my shorty and my crew?
Didn't want to kill him, so instead of putting the Mac on him
I did the only thing I could do, turn my back on him 

Chorus:DMX
Here we go again
Same old shit dog, just a different day
Here we go again
You know how niggas do, when we play how we play
Here we go again
A man's gotta do, what a man's gotta do
Here we go again
So if it's fuck me nigga, then you now it's fuck you

[DMX]
Niggas that I fuck wit, wanna get him dead
But I'm cool with shorty's peoples, so I let him live
Under normal circumstances, he would be a marked man
But I hit him with a grand, just didn't shake his hand (ooh)
Go about your business (uh-uuh) do what you gonna do (uh)
Be what you gon' be, I wash my hands, I'm through (aight?)
I can forgive you, I just can't forget
You're on your own lil' man don't ask me for shit (no)
If you paid attention to what I taught you then you good (uuh)
If I see you again, GET IT, understood?
Go ahead before I change my mind 'cause you know you should be dead
"I just wanted to say---" Aight!!!GO 'HEAD!
Instinct told me to kill him but the saviour is
I'm a good nigga, plus I owed his peeps a favor (hmm)
But I also knew, the decision I just made (yeah)
Went against the rules of the game that we played (damn)

Chorus:

[DMX]
I should have followed my 1st instinct cause I knew
Sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do
Now this niggas fucking wit the competition (WHAT?)
Ungrateful motherfucker, shoulda got him missing (WHAT?)
This nigga got the nerve to take my kindness, for a weakness
Gotsa get back on some street shit so i can creep this
Rat, When I act, 
Take one, set im up, 
To take two, get him there, 
Take three, get him done
Wasn't hard for me to get him where I wanted him, confronted him
{*barrel spins*} BZZZZZZT, CLICK! There was a bullet in one of them
Feeling lucky? CLICK! Looks like you are
CLICK!CLICK!CLICK, luck ain't goin too far
What you did was put a another pair of shoes
And they happened to be too big
What you did was stupid (damn) real fucking stupid (aight)
Well shorty I gave you a chance and what did you do?
Threw it back in my fucking face, so FUCK YOU TOO! *BLAM* aight

Chorus x2