Yo, remix joint...
(I gots to make a move and make it soon
I gots to take a block and make it boom)x2
Goin Against the grain... Know what im sayin? Ye-yeah

Yeah, yeah, yeah, shit's about to jump off and 
Lookin' for the bus to bring in my man from up north 
Been like three years since when got knocked 
Since he got caught 
Punked up like five new blocks, holding down for it 
Kept a nigga straight with money in the books 
And them bitches is crooks who look out for other crooks 
Took him shopping, money in his pocket is straight 
Dropped him off at the wife's crib after we ate 
Our estate was the next move for me 
Had to make that nigga chill for at least two to three months 
Cause when it's on, it's on (thats my plate!)
He didn't care 
It's like slow down baby 
The money ain't going nowhere (what?)
Keep in touch though and show how much your ass is with it 
The dope flow is there and in a minute you can get it
Watch a nigga just coming home in a game 
Cause on the low we may just be trying to go (go down) against the grain 

[Chorus]
I gots to make a move and make it soon (uh-huh!)
I gots to take a block and make it boom (come on!)
I gots to make a move and make it soon (what?)
I gots to take a block and make it boom (come on!)

I never figured this nigga would pull this shit that he pulled 
What is strange is the change that niggaz go through 
When they're locked down and really can't hack it 
A motherfucker like me handles a bid like a jacket 
Strap it on my back, niggaz ain't built like me 
And by the end, niggaz was like "Yo, why you killed Mike, D?
Wasn't me, but yeah he had it coming to him 
Used to be my man, so I let my cousin do him (we open up shop! It's four in the mornin!)
Sent him out of state with like half a brick down to my spot in VA 
Cause the money comes quick 
Half of that got fucked up before I even got the check in on him
But things happen so I really wasn't wreckin' on him 
Got him up out of there and sent him down a little further 
Ain't heard from him in two months, murder, murder (aahhh!)
And from the next flight thinking I might have to steal something 
This hungry shit will make a nigga wanna kill something (fo-fo!) 

[Chorus]

Man, listen, money is missing and shit is hectic 
Found the safe, checked it 
Shit looks detected
Just what I expected when I got no word from him 
Asked around but ain't nobody heard from him (cash long!)
But money talks and most niggaz is snakes 
So it wasn't long before his man was ready to take 
Me to where he was at, checked my gat 
Threw in a four clip, pumped myself up 
Cause I can't go for that bullshit  
Fuckin' with my last load of cash ain't the issue 
It's just real fucked up when your man tries to diss you 
Takin' back for niggaz in New York and how they told me so 
Now I got to knock his boots, he owes me dough 
Layin' up with a hoe, then he hit me with the sob story
The famous "Oh you didn't know I got robbed!" story
Told it's to me he should be grateful to 
Fuck that bitch! Look at what she made you do 
Now there's love lost and a double cross 
Pointed at that bitch, turned her braids into sauce 
So you wanna be with him (uh) and talk to me like I'm silly
Five bottle of Mo on the floor, boxes of phillys 
Ten g's in the shoebox under the bed 
And for every g I put a fuckin' slug in his head 
And from then, the moral of the story if you missed it 
Is the grand is always gonna be there (why nigga?)
Just never go against it