[Intro]
*Jesus loves me, yes I know*
Our Father, who art in heaven
Hallowed be thy Name, thy kingdom come, 
Thy will be done,
*For the Bible tells me so*
On earth as it is in heaven.
Give us this day our daily bread
And forgive us our trespasses,
*Jesus loves me, Yes I know*
As we forgive those who trespass against us. 
*Jesus loves me*
And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil.
*Jesus loves me*
For thine is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory, 
For ever and ever. Amen. 

[Verse 1]
Jesus loves me, he told me so. That's why when it gets ugly
He hugs me, cause he knows me, yo.
Ya gotta let go and let God, sometimes from the get go ya go hard
It's like, the darker it gets, the brighter my light will shine
So regardless I'm lovin this life of mine
And with the Lord by my side, it don't matter what the call of life
Cause let me in, cause I was going for the ride
Aint blind, aint gotta sin to believe it
I just know you gave me the word and that I really need it
So I pray for my enemies, I pray for family, my friends, my loved ones and those who pretend to be
Sacrifice your son just to give me a chance
So I thank you for the plan, I thank you for your hand
Shepherd, watching over your flock of sheep 
But I'm good, cause you watchin' the dark when I sleep

[Chorus]
Jesus loves me, yes I know 
For the Bible tells me so (and I believe it in my soul)
Jesus loves me, yes I know (Oh yeah)
For the Bible tells me so (and I believe it in my soul)

[Verse 2]
Speaking of the word, it's sad that not all get it

But by the grace of God, I was born with it, come on get it
Jesus loved me from the beginning, that's why sometimes
Even though it looks like I'm losing, I'm still winning
But I aint never been blind, never gonna sign, 
Never been one to let the Devil know what's on my mind
Cause he wants to destroy ya, but the Lord will resurrect ya
If ya hug the little boy, then the man will protect ya
From the dark to the light, right to the wrong
I'm gonna stay up in this fight, from the night til the morn
Well as I'm in the grace of God, my heart will stay true
And I'm gonna do whatever the heart will say do with it
When things go wrong, Jesus loves me
I'm singing this song because Jesus loves me
I'm gonna be strong cause Jesus loves me
Jesus loves me, yes, Jesus loves me

[Chorus]
Jesus loves me, yes I know 
For the Bible tells me so (and I believe it in my soul)
Jesus loves me, yes I know (Oh yeah)
For the Bible tells me so (and I believe it in my soul)

[Hook]
Now clap your hands with me (uh huh, uh huh)
And stomp your feet with me (come on, come on)
And bob your head with me (uh huh, uh huh)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Not because my momma told me (NO)
Not because my daddy told me (NO)
Not because my preacher showed me (NO)
Gotta feel it in my soul!
Not because my homeys told me (NO)
Not because my teacher taught me (NO)
Not because my pastor showed me (NO)
Gotta feel it in my soul! (I feel it in my soul!)

[END]