(Yeah, I'm right here, dog) Where my dogs at?
(We right here, dog) Where my dogs at?
(I'm right here, dog)

[DMX]
What must I go through to show you shit is real?
And I ain't really never gave a fuck how niggas feel
Rob then I steal, not 'cause I want to, 'cause I have to
And don't make me show you with the Magnum
If you don't know by now, then you slippin'
I'm on some bullshit that's got me jackin', niggas flippin'
I got my man and them stay pretty like I'm a stay shitty
Grimy, it's all for the money, is you wit' me?
Hit the bitches, went out, I could make the crime
And when it's on, we transform like Optimus Prime
I'll form the head, roll out - let's make it happen
If we ain't gonna get it wit' them, we'll take the cap down
Bust it off, bust it off on the softest niggas
Money with the biggest mouth; yo, let's rob this nigga
A novice nigga never made a sound
Breathe too fuckin' hard like you gettin' bust down

[Chorus]
Yo, yo, ya niggas wanna be killers? (Get at me, dog)
Ya niggas wanna feel us? (Get at me, dog)
Ya niggas want the real? (Get at me, dog)

[DMX]
What the deal?

[Chorus]

[DMX]
Rrr arf arf, what the deal?
Nowadays, don't get too good for certain niggas; I'm hurtin' niggas
What you doin' robbin' niggas, jerkin' niggas, stickin' niggas?
'Cause they deserve it; with money got murdered
They know we ride slow if they heard it
The nigga there blew up the spot a while
And the mother fucker ain't got shot in a while
And the stacks will light up, will fuck the night up
Blow everything in sight up
Fuck around and I'll have your ass right up
What makes you think you wasn't able to stand?
I got shit that'll disable a man with the wave of a hand
The days are longer and seems like I'm wastin' time
I've got a lot of dreams, but I'm not really chasin' mine
I suck it all up like a sicka fly
'Cause nowadays gettin' by catchin pussy, an occasional meal and
Gettin' high; I live to die, that's where I'm headed
Let your man hold somthin'; now it's all about who can get it

[Chorus]

[DMX]
Rrr arf arf, what the deal?
Well, in the back wit' ya faggot-ass face down
Lucky that you breathin' but you dead from the waist down
The fuck is on your mind? Talkin' that shit that you be talkin'
And I bet you wish you never got hit 'cause you be walkin'
But shit happens, and fuck it, you would've did ya dirt
Niggas is wonderin' how the fuck you hid your skirt
Right under they eyes like a surprise to the guys
Just one of their mans was a bitch in disguise
Fuckin' with cats in order heads and slaughter more kids
Let me holler at you all that wanna borrow the raw shit
Know what I mean? I'm just robbin' to eat
And there's at least a thousand of us like me mobbin' the street
When we starve, then we eat whatever's there
Come on, you know the code in the street, whatever's fair
Blood stains and chalk 'cause yo' man couldn't walk
After the talk, heard him out at 1133 of New York
Transformin' us niggas, so get it quick
You know for real that nigga can't fuckin' suck my dick
And it's gon' take all these niggas in the rap game
To barely move me 'cause when I blow shit up
I have niggas fallin' like white bitches in a scary movie
Ah, you know I don't know how to act
Get too close to niggas, it's like
"Protected by viper, stand back."
What's that, a bunch of niggas you was killas demented
Fuck y'all, what, me with this coward? 
Finish him, descend it