(feat. Swizz Beatz and Drag-On)

[Swizz Beatz]
Keep yo' hands in the air, cause we gon' take you there
And I know it ain't fair, but we just don't care..
Uh-huh, uh, what

Chorus: DMX (repeat 2X)

Ain't no other cats got love for me
Ain't no cats gon' bust slugs for me
Ain't no cats gon' shed blood for me
But my dogs, is gon' be a thug for me

[DMX]
Uhh, uhh
If I'm gonna rob, I'ma rob all night
If I'm lookin for somethin it's probably a fight
If I'm goin fuck bitches then they better be tight
If that's dead, then the head better be right
If I gots to play I'ma play til I win
Since I gots to be here can't wait to begin
Wanna fuck shorty can't stand shorty friend
cause honey friend fuck many many men
Stay wit the rats cause the rats is real
Wanna fuck, then we fuck, already know the deal
Shit, fuck what you look like, just show the real
And I keep spot that we can go to chill
I love my, get down for the hoes
Only reason I come around is for the hoes
Pipework - I lay it down for the hoes
Hit em off with that dark brown, you know?

Chorus

[Drag-On]
Y'know fuckin wit me, ain't keepin your health right
Cause me and my Rolls, we keep it jail tight
The shit I pack is heavy, but the shell is light
When they drop the same time, you drop without a fight
Burnin anything that I'm puttin my name on
You might take a 'Drag', but you can't flame 'On'
I know y'all niggaz to homey, wit a chain on
When it come to the fire I'm the kid they blame it on
When you see like eight cars then y'all know who we are
Niggaz spittin mean bars off the green jar
Never drunk but you see me leaned at the bar
Spittin fire that'll melt the ice on your arm
You had that but for now dog give me that
Cause dog you don't wanna see how my semi act
Fake hustlin niggaz you'll pump any pack
When it come to this shit, I done laid plenty flat (C'MON!)

Chorus

[DMX]
Do you hear what I tell you?  Understand what you hear
Don't let nobody tell you, what to hope and to fear
Do you hear what I tell you?  Understand what you hear
Don't let nobody tell you, what to hope and to fear

Uhh, uhh
What you niggaz want?  Cause I got it right here
Y'all niggaz front, then I hit you right there
Not really impressed by what niggaz wear
Faggots talk shit but I really don't care
I'm the type of nigga that'll die for the cause
Fuck what you heard, I will die for my dogs
Ain't scared of shit - will ride in the fog
Same thing but a bigger size than yours
I fuck with Drag-On, cause he spits the flame
Drag-On motherfucker don't forget the name
And we all takin over ain't shit the same
If you ain't out that mob nigga quit the game
And ain't no other cats got love for me
Ain't no other cats gon' bust slugs for me
Ain't no other cats gon' shed blood wit me
But my dogs, is gon' be a thug wit me, c'mon!

Chorus

[DMX]
Do you hear what I tell you?  Understand what you hear
Don't let nobody tell you, what to hope and to fear
Do you hear what I tell you?  Understand what you hear
Don't let nobody tell you, what to hope and to fear

[Swizz Beatz]
Uh-huh, uh
Uh.. Drag-On
My man
Swizz Beatz
Uh
Uh, uh
Uh, uh
Uh, uh
Double-R, uh