(feat. Sheek)

[DMX, (Sheek)]
(Yea I'm right here dog) Where my dogs at
(We right here dog) Where my dogs at
(I'm right here dog)

[DMX]
What must I go through to show you shit is real?
And I ain't really never gave a fuck how niggaz feel
Rob then I steal, not cause I want to, but 'cause I have to
And don't make me show you with the Magnum
If you don't know by now then you slippin
I'm on some bullshit thats got me jackin, niggaz flippin
I got my man and them stay pretty
Like I'ma stay shitty
Crimey it's all for the money; is you wit me?
Get the bitches, and I'll commit the crime
And when it's on we transform like Optimus Prime
I'll form the head, roll out let's make it happen
If we ain't gonna get it wit them we'll take the cap down
Bust it off
Gust it off
On the softest niggaz
Money with the biggest mouth: "Yo, let's rob this, nigga!"
A novice nigga
Never made a sound
Breathe too fuckin' hard like you gettin' bust down

[Hook : Sheek (DMX)]
Yo, yo ya niggaz wanna be killers (get at me dog)
Ya niggaz wanna feel us (get at me dog)
Ya niggaz want the real (Get at me dog)

[DMX]
Rrrrrr arf arf what the deal

[Hook]

[DMX]
Rrrrrr arf arf what the deal
Nowadays, Don't get to good for certain niggaz
I'm hurtin' niggaz
What you doin'? Robbin' niggaz, jerkin' niggaz
Stickin' niggaz, 'cause they deserve it
With money got murdered
They know we died slow if they heard it
The nigga there blew up the spot a while
And the motherfucker ain't got shot in a while
And the stacks will light up
Will fuck the night up
Blow everything in sight up
Fuck around, and I'll have your ass right up
What makes you think you wasn't able to stand?
I got shit that'll disable a man
With the wave of a hand
The days are longer, and seems like I'm wastin' time
I've got a lot of dreams, but I'm not really chasin' mine
I suck it all up like a sicka fly
'Cause nowadays, gettin' by
Is nothing more than an occasional meal and gettin' high
I live to die --- That's where I'm headed
Let your man hold somethin', now it's all about you can get it

[Hook]

[DMX]
Rrrrrr arf arf what the deal
Well in the back wit ya faggot ass face down
Lucky that you breathing, but you dead from the waist down
The fuck is on your mind?  Talkin' that shit that you be talkin'
And I bet you wish you never got hit, 'cause you be walkin'
But shit happens and fuck it, you would have did ya dirt
Niggaz is wonderin' how the fuck you hid your skirt
Right under they eyes
And it's a surprise
To the guys
That one of their mans was a bitch in disguise
Fucking with cats and ordering more hits
To slaughter more kids
Let me holla at you all that wanna borrow the raw shit (ah-oh!)
Knahmean?  I'm just robbing to eat
And there's at least a thousand of us like me mobbing the street
When we starve and we eat whatever's there
Come on, you know the code in the street, whatever's fair
Blood stains and chalk means yo man couldn't walk
After the talk
Heard him out at 1133 of New York
Transformin'-ass niggaz will get it quick
Aiyo, for real, that nigga K-solo can suck my dick
And it's gon' take all these niggaz in the rap game to barely move me
'Cause when I blow shit up I have niggaz fallin' like white bitches in a scary movie
Ah, you know I don't know how to act
Get too close to niggaz, it's like: "Protected by viper, stand back"
What's this? I thought y'all niggaz was killas, demented
Fuck y'all what me with this coward? "Let's finish him! Just end it!"