(Young man went out and made a name for himself)
Dr. Ceuss (Dr. Ceuss!) ?Double R?
(Young man went out and made a name for himself)

The Born Loser, not because I choose to be 
But because all the bad ... happens to me 
I got kids, but their mothers don't want them to know me 
My sisters use to like me, but now they call me homie 
I used to have a family now I'm out on my own 
Had to scrabble the Pitt, because I tried to take his bone 
... don't like me, they don't kiss me or hug me 
They call me Kill-pretty, because I'm mad ugly 
I use to get ..., but I busted off quick 
Now I get snooched, so I gotta beat my ... 
Time are hard in the ghetto, I steal for a living 
Eatin dirt and the Now or Laters 
If that ain't enough, life is rough, I swear 
I don't have an address so I can't get welfare 
They kicked me out the shelter 
Because they said I smelled a little like the living dead 
And look like helter skelter 
My clothes are so funky, they bad for my health 
Sometimes at night my pants go to the bathroom by their self 
Even when I was little nothin went my way 
I got beat up, and chased home from school every day 
And despite the fact I won all the spelling bees 
On my report card, I didn't get F's, I got C's 
But for those who choose to snooze 
Since I was born with no hope, I ain't got nothin to lose... 
(?Double R?)

(Chorus)
Young man went out and made a name for himself (4X) 

The Born Loser, a title I was branded with 
Went to Liberty Island, and got stranded with 
The Statue of Liberty, but they really didn't hafta 
Leave my black ... there till the day after 
No time for laughter, this sh... for real 
Ribs are showin through my back, cause I ain't had a meal 
In about a week, you can see bones in my hands 
The racoons, beat me to the garbage cans 
I'm Starvin Marvin, and it shouldn't be like that 
The only thing that I'm carvin, is an alley cat 
But sometimes in the daytime 
I daydream of a Manwich 
When all I'm really eatin is an oxygen sandwich 
For those that don't know, 
Thats 2 peices of bread slapped together 
Or I'll have a rain sandwich, depending on the weather 
Born loser, caught up in the game 
And I ain't even got nobody to blame.. 

(Chorus)

?Double R?
The Born Loser, yeah, that use to be my ammo 
When I couldn't get a soul, to listen to my demo 
Door shut in my face, until I started jammin 'em 
I'm behind the doors now, but I'm the one slammin 'em 
I did what I had to, to get where I got 
Though I'll admit, what I had to do was a lot 
I still gave it a shot, and sometimes I had to shoot 
Catchin vicks just to get a little loot 
I thought it was cute, and didn't care who knew 
Mess around get in my way and I'd bag you too 
Cause I was, born to lose, straight from the beginning 
Hit the dugout, because I struck out the 1st inning 
Winning, was everything, thats why I had to ask 
My man to find me the loot, and he said I'd be glad to 
Now, who needs a major label, we got our own 
I'm the divine master of the unknown 
Ain't nothin changed, I'm the same as before 
When opportunity knocks, I'd just answer the door 
But criminal at heart, even though I don't show it 
I was always a winner I just didn't know it

(Chorus) (Until fade)