{*whispered*} Ruff Ryders

[DMX talking]
Yea, (another gutter...) you know we had to do it this time baby! Nah-mean?
My nigga D,  we walk through the motherfucking' doors
Of the industry together baby! Nah-mean? (Gots to tell the truth)
You gave that shit dog, Yanahmsayin?
Me like yo, go hard on these niggaz baby, Nah-mean? (Gots to tell the truth)
Go hard just let niggaz know
What the fuck is really going on
Now that's what the fuck I did! Aight!
Arf, Arf. What!

[DMX]
The industry; man its not the same
The industry; its not a fucking game
The industry; real niggaz is dying to get in
The industry; just define they don't fit in
The industry; ain't what it used to be
The industry; trying to control the way you MC
They want you to dress like that this and talk like that
But I'm gon' dress like this and talk with the gat
The industry; got y'all word meaning nothing
The industry; fuck what you heard cause he's bluffing
The industry; money, bitches, hate
But I dare you to try to take a fucking thing off my plate
The industry like "Wait!", but in the streets we like "Get 'em"
Set 'em teed up in that thing, catch 'em sleeping and hit 'em
And Ima pop whoever with 'em, the coroner is coming to get 'em
Industry niggaz, so that's how I did 'em

[Chorus]
The industry; mad niggaz is full of shit
The industry; mad niggaz is sucking dick
The industry; bitches keep thinking its a game
The industry; don't mention my fucking name
The industry; mad niggaz is full of shit
The industry; mad niggaz is sucking dick
The industry; bitches keep thinking its a game
The industry; don't mention my fucking name, nigga

[DMX]
The Industry; if you ain't got a strong mind
The industry; you ain't get down its a matter of time
The industry; vultures with nothing to feast on
The industry; see me I'm getting my beast on
The industry; staying in the dirt, playing in the dirt
Touch the wrong one in the industry and you will get hurt
I'm not an industry artist, I'm an artist in the industry
That's why you what the fuck I want, cause nobody can finish me
The industry; wanted dead or alive
New artist to sell they souls, the way they survive
The industry don't give a fuck about you
But the industry couldn't make a dime without you
The industry; I'm sick of this industry shit
The industry; playing you like a industry bitch
They try to finish me quick but I am on, so I stand strong
Fuck the beat, listen to the words of the damn song

[Chorus]

[DMX - over chorus]
Uh huh, uh huh, uh huh (2X)
Shit is crazy yo
They loaning you money to make a album
You pay 'em back the money, they still on the album
What part of the game is that? (I tell you the truth, I don't lie)
You write your own shit, but they hold on to your shit
What part of the game is that?
(I don't try to hurt nobody, I mind my business)
You know what, the average nigga makes like
(All these industry niggaz could suck a fucking dick!!)
Twenty-six cents over a motherfucking record
We need a motherfucking union baby!!!