Love my niggas, but where's my bitches? 
I love my niggas, but where's my bitches? 
Love my niggas, but where's my bitches? 
I love my niggas, but where's my bitches? 

[Chorus:]
It's all good 
It's all right 
Fuck all day 
Fuck all night 
Call my bitches 'cause wherever I go, y'all my bitches 
East to the west coast, all my bitches 

Yo, chickens is good for pluckin'
So I'm stickin' bitches fuckin' 
Got 'em trickin' while they suckin' 
Give 'em dick, and they ain't buggin' 
I've done it all
From mackin' two hos on a three-way 
Dominican hos on freeway 
Country hos in V-A
And they all say the same about my game - it's tight 
That's why every night a different group of bitches start a fight 
Over some dick that they don't even own 
All I'm givin' 'em is the bone 
Blowin' up a niggas phone but ain't nobody home 
I'm in a zone tryin' to do things 
Let's turn this into a crew thing 
What's up, girlfriend, you game? 
No wonder why when I leave at night 
It's 'cause I thieve at night 
I'm leavin' bitches not breathin' right 
I fuck they head up with some slick shit 
Hit 'em off with some long dick shit 
Make it some quick shit, but rip shit 
Then I'm out, just like the trash on a Thursday 
Knowin' she'd be givin' up the ass on the first day 

[Chorus x 2]

Flocks of bitches by the dozens 
From sisters to cousins 
Got 'em doin' shit they said they wasn't 
Ever gonna do like knowin' I'd fuck the bitch that she was close to 
Still gave up the ass and dough; she was supposed to 
Pictures of bitches and flicks of chicks 
Videos with the baddest hos, sucking dick 
It's the dog in me that makes me do wrong 
Honies can't help but get strung (Why?
'Cause the game is too strong 
I like 'em greedy, black like Edi, eyes beady, willin' to give to the needy 
I done ran through 'em all 
From around the way bitches 
To them outta state hos 
I'm even hitting gay bitches 
All I tell 'em is "let me get that" 
Then it's on 
Knock her mothafuckin' boots 
And then I'm gone 
I got the white bitches sayin' "It's a black thing" 
'Cause I leave that ho with no dough and plenty back pain 

[Chorus x 2]

Bitches who get props 'cause they know who can get got 
Who they can get shot by the way ya nigga's hip drop 
Walk up in the spot knowin' what she want strictly 
When hon wants the dickly, hon comes and gets me 
Hits me, pays me, doesn't get crazy
Known to be swayze 'cause that's daddy's baby 
I keep them hos in check like the government 
Hittin' 'em off with nothin' but the dick, and they lovin' it 
Huggin' it like it's they best friend 'cause it is, word to mix 
Fuckin' with tricks is just biz
I deal with strictly dimes 
Got 'em commitin' they first crimes 
Now she's suckin' dick for the first time 
And ain't no secret 'bout how I freak it when it's sleek it 
Never knew how I peeped it then creeped it 
That's how I know this must be that shit 
I tell them bitches "I'll be back" 
And they believe that shit 

[Chorus x 4]

I love my niggas, but where's my bitches? 
I love my niggas, but where's my bitches?
I love my niggas, but where's my bitches? 
I love my niggas, but where's my bitches?