[DMX] 
Grrrrrrrrrrrrr.. 
mm.. 
Chorus: DMX 

I gots to make a move and make it soon, uhh 
I gots to take a block and make it boom {*BOOM*} 
I take the car and hit it with this boom 
Now come on, let's get that money! 

[DMX] 
It's two o'clock and I'm just about to hit the street 
Til I knock off this rock I don't get to eat 
Sometimes that's like that's the only reason why I hustle 
Step on toes, strongarm and show a lil' muscle 
Ain't no real dough, that's why a nigga feel so frustrated 
I hate it, seein crab niggaz that made it 
And I'm robbin cats just as broke as myself 
Livin foul and ain't lookin out for my health, where's the wealth? 
Not in New York, cause niggaz talk about goin out of state 
Money got an eighth, comin back, hot with a lot of weight 
Where's my plate nigga?  I'm hungry too 
So I'ma do like hungry do, and get a hungry crew 
Niggaz that ain't never had, and doin bad 
Won't be bad to get up off that stoop lookin sad 
Grab your bags, it's about to go down 
We goin to this hicktown, let's get the lowdown, on how they get down 

Chorus 2X 

[DMX] 
I gots to make a move and make it soon 
Gots to take a block and make it boom 
we comin through so make some room 
Found somethin that could be somethin if I pump it up 
This kid Black is the only thing that could fuck it up 
The purple top ?thirty-five smalls a ring of games? 
but I'ma crush him with the black 40 double-L's 
I send two niggaz back up top, and come back 
we chop up rock, by midnight, we open up shop 
It's four in the mornin, we on the block creepin 
Killin the cash, while yo' ass is sleepin 
Look here, I'm what they call a true hustler 
cause nigga if I ain't know you since I was like six 
then I don't trust ya 
And we'll bust ya over somethin petty like a few dollars 
Put somethin hot up in that ass and watch you holla ("Ahhhhh!") 
You think I'm here for the hoe flow?  I want the dough flow 
and fuck the po'-po', nigga keep a fo'-fo' 

Chorus 2X 

[DMX] 
I spend my money on niggaz cause niggaz get me rich 
and a bitch ain't doin shit but suckin my dick 
Niggaz is family now, and we stand strong 
Thirty niggaz on six blocks, makin the cash long 
Shit is good, because niggaz gettin what they been wantin 
and we see the same shit, other New York niggaz frontin 
Stick up kids huntin, but I ain't got no love for em 
I keep the burner and the duster with the glove for em 
Them motherfuckin knockers come at us and chop us 
and I know they, really tryin to stop us and wanna drop us 
So we pump, from the alley and the last house we use as a cash house 
It's holdin em strong, it's a stash house 
I got runners that work for twelve hour shifts 
and when them niggaz keep they count correct, I don't riff 
But I ain't tryin to hear that nigga took your pack shit 
Ain't tryin to hear jack shit, fuck the black bitch 
I ain't a greedy nigga, all I want is a five year run 
If I don't make it, then fuck it, let me die near a gun 
Got bitches to transport without an escort 
I'm makin moves from D.C. up to Westport 
Local police ain't a problem cause they don't even stress us 
It be them ATF niggaz that have you under pressure 
Just so you know, ain't gon' never put my glock down (why nigga?) 
Cause I'm a hustlin motherfucker, and I'm holdin my block down 

Chorus 2X