[DMX] 
We all got guns, we all got dogs 
We all gon' make that trip to the morgue 
We all find it harder to see through the fog 
We all know the difference between right and wrong 
We should all live life by one fact 
Before you doin dirt, the dirt gon' come right back 
I seen cats go out like suckers 
I seen cats get down like, "Yo, them some bad motherfuckers" 
I see fake niggaz and the games they play 
Aiyyo, I deal with that bullshit e'ry day 
But that ain't gon' stop me from doin what I'm doin 
I got things beside bullshit to be pursuing 
It's that craft for me, the half of me 
Let through niggaz in the door after me 
Yo, somebody stop me; please, somebody come and get me 
If I go, I'm taking niggaz with me! 

[Hook: Styles P.] - repeat 2X 
Dog nigga, Ghost nigga 
Hop the bar with the toast nigga 
It's like the Lord getting close nigga 
It's personal, now we gotta smoke niggaz 
It's personal, now we gotta host niggaz 

[Styles P.] 
(Dog nigga, what up!) Nigga fuck the cop and the warrant 
You get a chance, poppin, informing 
All I need is a glock and I'm touring 
Hit every hole in the wall, have me a ball 
And then slide the fuck out in the top of the morning 
If you hear me cockin it on 'em, I'm poppin it on 'em 
I don't fuck around nigga, better stop it and mourn 'em 
And who the fuck asked you to rhyme? 
I'm the Ghost, when I come around, they throwing up the hazardous sign 
And you ain't around chemicals, just around generals 
Who spend, passing they time, blasting they nine 
Rather die with my man then the five for ya livewire 
Spend half of ya time, smashing ya spine 
Other half we getting money and more money 
You think about cars, I got "goin to war" money 
That P and that dog money, we still in the front of the store, money 
And if anybody slip, they getting sent to the morgue, money 

[Hook w/ Jadakiss adlibs] - repeat 2X 

[Jadakiss] 
It's like lately I've been feeling so weak at the knees 
And speaking to niggaz is just like speaking to thieves 
So I keep the hawk ready to eat 'em 
Guess already? Then meet 'em 
I'm fair game, but I'm ready to cheat 'em 
The streets ain't right now, the Colgate White is light brown 
These niggaz ain't nice, they nice clowns 
That's why I'ma start layin them right down 
And have 'em there layin in the casket, ice down 
Jacob watch on 'em, mortician must've been hazed up 
'Cause you can see the makeup spots on 'em 
This is way beyond ya Avion 
The Golden King, more like Polo Spring 
And what makes it even worse, aiyyo it's that it's personal 
Maybe even ya Earth can go 
I'll make it where they can never find the bitch 
Right outta the bar, with all kind of shit 

[Hook] - repeat 2X 

[Outro: Styles P.] 
Yeah, y'all niggaz can get caught up in the hype if you want 
Bodies drop over here, this is not a game man 
You wanna get caught up in the hype again? Then you can fall in the hype again 
This is a movement, Double R, nigga you know what's up 
And if you don't, you gon' get to know what's up 
Yeah, we ain't playin wit' y'all niggaz this year 
'06, '07, and on, nigga what's up? 
Pop off! You know how I work!