(feat. Swizz Beatz)

[DMX] Let's get it on!!

[Swizz Beatz] We don't give a what what!!
We don't give a what what!! (shiet)

[Chorus - Swizz Beatz & (DMX)]
Get it on the floor
Get it get it on the floor (WHAT?!)
Get it on the floor
Get it get it on the floor (WHAT?!)
You don't wanna party then your ass gotta go (WHAT?!)
You don't wanna party then your ass gotta go (C'MON!)
Now you can ride to this motherfucker (uh)
Bounce to this motherfucker (uh)
Freak to this motherfucker (let's get it on)
Get it on the floor (WHAT?!)
Get it get it on the floor (WHAT?!)
Get it on the floor (WHAT?!)
Get it get it on the floor (that's right)

[Verse - DMX]
Once again it's the Dark-Man, nigga
Hit or spark a nigga
Break apart a nigga
But the dog is bigger, under stress
So unless
You're wanting to bless
To the chest
These slugs from his liver rest REST!
Or the pump'll put a hurt on a nigga
DUMB SEX, motherfucker feeding dirt on a nigga
My hands stay dirty, 'cause I play dirty the mob way
You don't know? Fuck it, find out the hard way
A nigga's job is never done
I handle my business how it come
And there's never been a one on one
Nor has there been a problem
I dissolve them
I'm like salt, lock it up
Hate to fall but never wreck his car
And it's my fault, keep niggaz on point ducking down
Niggaz like you need to get busted, you fucking clown
I extort to support my peeps
And hold down the fort, never get caught 'cause I creeps NIGGA!

[Chorus]

[Verse - DMX]
I'm at the crossroads --- I look but I'm not really sure which way to go
Should I play that low for what I did the other day?
They on their way to float, got me striking this random
I can't stand 'em fake ass niggaz wanting to be the Phantom
Looking over my shoulder, cause it's colder than it was
And start shorty, because I'm a little older than cuz
And the buzz
From the saw with the chain
To your brain
Will turn that BIG NIGGA to a fucking stain
That pain from the dirt makes the hurt go away for a minute
But I'm gon' die by it cause I'm like knee deep in it
And you motherfuckers wonder why I start shit?
'Cause when you look in my face, you see that hard shit!
'Cause I done been to hell and back
I ain't wit selling crack
I'd rather rob a nigga, leave him wit a shell up in his back
On the real, just to show proof
I hit the G.W.B., and blow the whole roof
Off the toll booth, bitch ass nigga!

[Chorus]

[Verse - DMX]
When I crawl, leave a nigga sprawled out after I spoke him
I'll slit his throat, dick in the mud, and let his blood choke him
Up north, niggaz get the pick stuck up in em
And in the streets, bitches get the dick stuck up in em
My M.O. is man-slaughter, kid
'Cause, on the reals, I done wet up more motherfuckers than water did
Slid, 'cause I got to slide when the dirt is done
A homicide, but they want me on the Murder One
But as long as I got my gun, I'm aight
Stay outta sight
While it's light
And then come out at night
To make moves again
Stomp and bruise again
I know I'm going to hell, 'cause I choose to sin
All my motherfucking life, I been the Devil's advocate
Now, niggaz never even knew the devil had a kid
But he does; and when you hear the buzz of the chainsaw,
You'll know why I'll split your motherfucking brains for!

[Chorus - repeat 2x]

[Outro - Swizz Beatz]
Don't start nothing, it won't be nothing
Don't start nothing, it won't be nothing
You wanna start something, it's gon' be somethin
You wanna start something, it's gon' be somethin
Don't start nothing, it won't be nothing
Don't start nothing, it won't be nothing
You wanna start something, it's gon' be somethin
You wanna start something, it's gon' be somethin
Yo yo CMON!