"Scalpel" "Here" "Sponge" 
"Here" "Wait he's convulsing!" "Ah" 
"He's convulsing!" "Oh my" "We're gonna have to shock him!" 
"Oh my God!" "We're gonna have to shock him!" "Oh my God!" 

These are the results of a thousand electric volts, 
A neck with bolts "Nurse we're losing him, check the pulse!" 
A kid who refused to respect adults, 
Wore spectacles with taped frames and a freckled nose. 

A corny lookin' white boy, scrawny and always ornery, 
'Cause I was always sick of brawny bullies pickin' on me. 
And I might snap, one day just like that 
I decided to strike back and flatten every tire on the bike rack. 

My first day in junior high, this kid said, 
"Just you and I, three o'clock sharp this afternoon you die" 
I looked at my watch it was one twenty, 
"I already gave you my lunch money what more do you want from me?" 

He said, "Don't try to run from me, you'll just make it worse..." 
My palms were sweaty, and I started to shake at first. 
Something told me, "Try to fake a stomach ache, it works" 
I screamed, "Owww! My appendix feels like make it burst! 

Teacher, teacher, quick I need a naked nurse!" 
"What's the matter?" "I don't know, my leg, it hurts!" 
"Leg?! I thought you said it was your tummy?" 
"Oh, I mean it is, but I also got a bum knee!" 

"Mr. Mathers, the fun and games are over. 
And just for that stunt, you're gonna get some extra homework." 
"But don't you want to give me afterschool detention?" 
"Nah, that bully wants to beat your ass and I'ma let him" 

[Chorus]
Brain damage, ever since the day I was born 
Drugs, what they used to say I was on 
They say I never knew which way I was goin' 
But everywhere I go they keep playin' my song [Repeat]
Brain damage 

Way before my baby daughter Hailey, 
I was harassed daily by this fat kid named D'Angelo Bailey. 
An eighth grader who acted obnoxious, 'cause his father boxes, 
So everyday he'd shove me in the lockers. 

One day he came in the bathroom while I was pissin', 
And had me in the position to beat me into submission. 
He banged my head against the urinal 'til he broke my nose, 
Soaked my clothes in blood, grabbed me and choked my throat. 

I tried to plead and tell him, "We shouldn't beef" 
But he just wouldn't leave, he kept chokin' me and I couldn't breathe. 
He looked at me and said, "You gonna die honky!" 
The principal walked in and started helping him stomp me. 

I made them think they beat me to death, 
Holdin' my breath for like five minutes before they finally left. 
Then I got up and ran to the janitor's storage booth. 
Kicked the door hinge loose and ripped out the four inch screws. 

Grabbed some sharp objects, brooms, and foreign tools. 
"This is for every time you took my orange juice, 
Or stole my seat in the lunchroom and drank my chocolate milk. 
Every time you tipped my tray and it dropped and spilt. 

I'm gettin' you back bully! Now once and for good. 
I cocked the broomstick back and swung hard as I could, 
And beat him over the head with it 'til I broke the wood. 
Knocked him down, stood on his chest with one foot. 

Made it home later that same day. 
Started reading the comics, and suddenly everything became gray. 
I couldn't even see what I was trying to read. 
I went deaf, and my left ear started to bleed. 

My mother started screamin', "What are you on, drugs?!? 
Look at you, you're gettin' blood all over my rug!" (Stop!) 
She beat me over the head with the remote control, 
Opened a hole and my whole brain fell out of my skull. 

I picked it up and screamed, "Look bitch, what have you done?!" 
"Oh my God, I'm sorry son" "Shut up you cunt!" 
I said, "Fuck it!" Took it and stuck it back up in my head, 
Then I sewed it shut and put a couple of screws in my neck. 

[Chorus]

It' brain damage, I got brain damage 
It's brain damage, 
It's probably brain damage.