(answering machine girl)
Hi baby
I know your under a lot of pressure at your work & all
& I do understand
You have no idea how much I understand
But you also don't have any idea how much I love you.
I love you so much
I think about you I feel you in my heart
I miss you... I miss you terribly
I've just always wanted someone like you in my life.
I love you so much;  I'd do anything
I'd do anything
To be the perfect woman for you.

[Dr. Dre:]
I just wanna fuck bad bitches
All them nights I never had bitches
Now I'm all up in that ass bitches
Mad at your boyfriend, ain't 'cha?
You'se a bad girl, gotta beat ya
Gotta thank ya for that head clinic
Explicit, hella photogenic
& tell your friends where the dick's at
Where they can get hit & won't get back to they soulmates
Before you kiss 'em use Colgate
"She Swallowed It!" Yeah the bitch took the whole 8
& ran with it, then let Mel-Man hit it
& Hit-Man hit it; damn bitches
Man, this is what I'm talkin' about
Chicken-head, chicken-fed, with a dick in your mouth
Out & about with your nigga like it never took place
Airtouch Next time you need a taste.

Chorus:
I just wanna Fuck You
No touchin' & rubbin' girl you got a husband who loves... you...
Don't need you all in mine.
I just wanna Fuck You
We can't be kissin' & huggin' girl you got a husband who loves... you...
You need to give him your quality time.

[Devin the Dude:]
You got the number, it's on you to make the call
You know I come quick; help you re-decorate your walls
Cut your backyard, don't have to act hard to get the cock
& if I'm goin' too far, I take it out & wipe it off
& put it back up & keep going
You tryin' to hide it from your husband but I know he be knowin'
That your pussy's been tampered with.
Did you show him the new trick of how you can lick it, smoke a cancer stick?
You be workin' it like a dancer bitch, it's hard on me
Not to give you all of my time, that you wanted
You can give me some head, but keep the breakfast in bed
I'd rather spend my mornin' diggin' through some records instead
But, tonight, I guess it'd be aight if we can touch bases
Hookup somewhere & exchange some "Fuck Faces"
I know your man's lookin' for ya, he's always tryin' to run ya
Don't worry 'about me handcuffin' girl 'cause I just wanna fuck wit you.

[Snoop Dogg:]
Fuck wit you
On the sneak tip, on some creep shit.
So whatcha gon' do, ya freak bitch?
You actin' like you don't do dicks
That's the kinda bitch I hate fuckin' wit
Baby was a virgin, that's what she said
So I gave her some Hennesey, she gave me some head
I Fucked her on the flow so I wouldn't mess up my bed
Then Lil' 1/2 Dead put his dick on her head
Take that bitch home & give her a bone
& give her the number to my cellular phone
Now, she blowin' up my pager, this shit's gettin' major
A favor for a favor, this dick is what I gave her
Somethin' to go by & bitches know why
Stuff dick in they mouth & then I'm out (see-ya!)
24 7, Dre, Snoop & Devin
We servin' these hoes & never lovin' these hoes, bitch!

Chorus:
I just wanna Fuck You
No touchin' & rubbin' girl you got a husband who loves... you...
Don't need you all in mine.
I just wanna Fuck You
We can't be kissin' & huggin' girl you got a husband who loves... you...
You need to give him your quality time.