[Feat Dr. Dre & Timberland] 

Dr. Dre: Huh (Pause) so I'm out the game huh?
Eminem: Yo Dre, we ridin'?
Dr. Dre: Whatever
Eminem: Well I'm wit u homie
Dr. Dre: Ok, Let's handle this small shit 

Eminem:
I was born to brew up storms 'n stir up shit
Kick up dust, cuss til I slur up spit
Grew up too quickly been through too much shit
Corrupt and now they pour it on like syrup, bitch
Thick in ritz, sick and twisted Mr. Buttersworf
Dre told me to milk this shit for what it's worth
Till the cow just tilts and tips 'n stumbles to earth
And if I fumble a verse, keep goin'
First take, I make mistakes, just keep it
No punches, pull no punches, that's weak shit
Fake shit if I ever take shit, I'll eat shit
Was't for him? Wouldn't be shit 

Dr. Dre:
Creep with me, as we take a little trip down Memory Lane
Been in longer than anyone in the game
And I ain't gotta lie about my age 

Eminem:
But what about Jermaine? 

Dr. Dre:
Fuck Jermaine, he don't belong speakin' mine or Timbaland's name
And don't think I don't read your little interviews and see what your sayin'
I'm a giant, and I ain't gotta move till I'm prevoked
When I see you, I'ma step on you and not even know it
Ya midget, Mini-Me, with a buncha little Mini-You's
Runnin' around your backyard swimmin' pools
Over 80 million records sold
And I ain't have to do it with 10 or 11 year olds 

Chorus (2x)
'Cuz what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you sayin' it
Just remember how you said it when you was sprayin' it
So who you playin' with huh huh huh huh? 



Eminem:
Second verse, it gets worse
It gets no better than this
Amatuers drink veteran piss
From a Dixie cup, if you ever mix me up
Or confuse me with a Canibus or Dre with a Dupri
Will rub it in, every club your in, we'll have you
Blackballed and make sure you never rap a fuckin' again
Dre ain't havin' it, as long as I'm here to play Devil's Advocate 

Dr. Dre:
If there was some magic shit I could wave
Over the industry that could save it when I'm gone
And bury to make sure the tradition carries on
I would 

Eminem:
If I could only use this power for good
I wouldn't, not even if I could 

Dr. Dre:
From the hood and I'm a hornet
And I'm only sting when I'm cornered 

Eminem:
And I'ma only sucker punch or swing without warnin'
And swing to knock somebody's fuckin' head off
Cuz I know, if they get up, I won't get a chance to let off
Another punch, I'm punk-rock, no one's punk
Don't give a fuck, white pac, so much spunk
When I was little I knew I would blow up
And sell a mil or grow up to be a tilla
Go nuts and be a killa 

Dr. Dre:
And I'm somethin' of a phenom
One puff of the chron
I'm unstoppable, I'm alive, I'm on top again
There's no obstacle that I can't conquer
So come along with us (Come On) 

Chorus (2x)
Cuz what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you sayin' it
Just remember how you said it when you was sprayin' it
So who you playin' with huh huh huh huh? 


Dr. Dre:
Now anybody who knows Dre
Knows I'm about fast cars and alazey, partyin' all day
But I handle my business 'cuz it's work before play
Don't look for trouble but I serve you gourmet
However you want it, you could have it your way
You fuck my night up, I'ma fuck up your day
Bullet with your name, sendin' it your way
That goes for anyone who walks thru that doorway
Cuz this is my space, you invade it
Live to regret it and you die tryin' to violate it
fuck around, get annihlated
Eyes diliated 

Eminem:
Ha, like my old lady
'Cuz what you say is what you say
Sometimes what you mean is 2 different things
Depending on your mood, if it swings, think too many things
Little hit of Dre's weed, I can do anything
Catch a contract, then I'm gone and I'm back
I speed write and my loose leaves my lanch pad 

Dr. Dre:
And I can pull any string
Don't have to prove anything
Catch a contract on your head
You headed West, talk shit about Dre?
You better get a vest, then invest in somethin'
To protect your head and neck 

[Eminem]
And it's back and forth all day like Red and Meth
I joke when I say I'm the best in the booth
But a lot of truth is said injest
And if I ever do live to be a legend
I'ma die a sudden death, 5 mics in The Source
Ain't holdin' my fuckin' breath
But I suffocate for the respect
'Fore I breath the collect the fuckin' check 

Chorus (2x)
'Cuz what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you sayin' it
Just remember how you said it when you was sprayin' it
So who you playin' with huh huh huh huh? 

(outro)

[Dr. Dre]
Watch your fuckin' mouth 

[Timbaland]
Yo this Timbaland, tell him I said suck (*tchka*) my dick