Faded voice - Fuck yeah...
Eminem: YEAHH!
LLoyd Banks: Oh shit, its the Evil Genius
Eminem: Green Lantern
LLoyd Banks: Yea... Hey yo Em, what do we call this shit right here?
Eminem: The Invasion
LLoyd Banks: You had part 1, we got part 2, now its part 3, the final chapter mother fucker
Eminem: armeggedon; lets go
I got a riddle, what’s little and talks big 
with midget arms and creamy white filling in the middle
that’ll do anything to throw dirt on my name
if it means walking the whole Mediterranean
is he an Albanian, Armenian, Iranian, Tazmanian,
No he’s name’s Raymond and oh, oh sorry yo
So sorry wow, but that was a long time ago
When I was just Joe Shmo, rapping in Joe Blow’s basement
I apologized fo’ it before, so
Either accept it or you don’t
And let’s move on, if I aint shown that I’ve grown
Then get the bone, keep licking these nuts,
You industry mutts, keep walking around sniffing each other’s butts
Or should I say asses?
What would be the more politically correct term to use for the masses?

LLoyd Banks: Hold up, hold up, hold up
New York City man, its the kid LLoyd Banks
if you hearin' what I'm hearin right now, you know this ain't no regular shit homie, 
this something special and we gota bring this shit back, Green comon!

I got a riddle, what’s little and talks big 
with midget arms and creamy white filling in the middle
that’ll do anything to throw dirt on my name
if it means walking the whole Mediterranean
is he an Albanian, Armenian, Iranian, Tazmanian,
No he’s name’s Raymond and oh, oh sorry yo
So sorry wow, but that was a long time ago
When I was just Joe Shmo, rapping in Joe Blow’s basement
I apologized fo’ it before, so
Either accept it or you don’t
And let’s move on, if I aint shown that I’ve grown
Then get the bone, keep licking these nuts,
You industry mutts, keep walking around sniffing each other’s butts
Or should I say asses?
What would be the more politically correct term to use for the masses?
The question I ask is..
How can I explain this?
How can I swing this, in English language?
If I switch to slang and turn mayn to mayn
do I do it in vein, or simply to entertain?
Am I being real or am I being fake
Am I just a fraud or am I truly genuine 
Or am I caught up in this hot water
Woady on my daughter I told you I love this culture
don’t let em insult ya, I’ma tell you one more ‘gain
this is the environment I was brought up ‘in
but every now and ‘then, I use my ‘pen
to get rid of some frustration, or should I say shon
this is just another one of my subliminal ways to racism
you’re face is numb, you’re stunned you look as cold
like that of a man who’s 70 some years old
and it only gets colder, which is why I understand
it can’t be mad at a forty four fan
with a chip on his shoulder
who only owns half of a magazine, and the only way to have it seen
is to put me on the front of it again
only think that makes him grin, is to see me frown
papa can’t stand me, papa needs to take his medication and sit the fuck down
in his new chair that goes round and round
that he bought from new money of his bank account
that I get him every issue when the thang comes out
sit back and let his puffy clown hair come out
and let his black side arm wrestle his white side
yell apartheid loud enough that he might slide
he might find someone dumb enough who might ride
but aint nobody over here buying two white guys
disguised as pro-black there’s no slack for a Hartford college grad.
In a fitted hat and a hunch bag, standing by the clearance coat rack
And some RSO throwbacks, yeah

Shady in the place to be seen and I got what it takes to rock the mic RIGHT
Still knockin' a K to these punks, fuckin' cocksuckin' pussy lips hatin' mixed cunts!