(feat. Too $hort, Budda)

[Hook]
That's the call of my thugs when they step into the club
They go Yeeeee! (Yeeeee)
When you hit the prissy bitch from Vallejo or the Rich
They holla Yeeeee! (Yeeeee)
You can catch me in the traffic in the (?)
Hollerin' Yeeee! (Yeeee)
If you're stickin' like some static we gon' bust them automatics
Like Yeeee! (Yeeee)

[Verse 1 - E-40]
My area code grows some of the best weed in the world, my ninja, we ain't no punk
They say we need to take a bath in tomato juice 'cause we always smell like skunk
Sloppy drunk, nine times out of ten, I ain't tryna see me
Bendin' corners in my brand-new Dodge Durango Hemi
Pimpin' a lot of ballers, always smokin' mister jolly lama
Always pullin' me over and searchin' my fuckin' car
Searchin' my gluteus maximus, flashlight in my draws
Actin' like some batches is, thinkin' I got robbed
Doin' it big, take a swig, sip a sip, twist the lid
Smokin' spliff, aready been, pushin red, bout my nig
Everybody wanna talk that talk, wanna walk that walk, wanna bark that bark
Everybody wanna plot that plot, wanna drop that saw on the pillowtop
I get a call from Young Bob, here up out my zone
He said your Hillside nigga Ned on his way home
I said well tell him to call me, I love his ass to death
Any nigga hatin' he gon' take they last breath

[Hook]

[Verse 2 - Too $hort]
(Biatch!)
It's your partner from the town, mayne
I see y'all doin' it big, we gettin' down mayne
Yeah I fuck with the V, Richmond know me
Wherever niggas ballin is where bitches gon' be
You can go across the bridge, fuckin' with a bitch
Don't matter which side, you'll be all up in some shit
Before you know it, it ain't like it used to be
Everybody got straps that shoot you or me
I give a fuck about who, I don't even know you
Wassup, yeah pimpin', I got my thang too
And it's cooo, cause I know you know it
I ain't even got a bullet, ain't even gotta show it
Don't blow it, it's where the black man stinkin'
I be layin' underground in a casket stinkin'
If I slip, I gotta keep my poise
You hear that 8 away bumpin' man, what's all that noise?

[Hook]

[Interlude - Budda]
Get your head busted in, I'm not your boy or your friend
Get your head busted in, I'm not your boy or your friend
You say that, do that, pull that, shoot that
Now where your crew at, what you gon' do now
I'm a west coast nigga - Yeeee! (Yeeeee)
I'm a east coast nigga - Yeeee! (Yeeeee)
I'm a down south nigga - Yeeee! (Yeeeee)
I'm a midwest nigga - Yeeee! (Yeeeee)

[Hook]