[Chorus: Eminem] 
My words are weapons
I use 'em to crush my opponents
My words are weapons
I never show no emotion
My words are weapons
I use 'em to kill whoever's steppin to me
My words are like weaponry on a record
 
My words are weapons
I use 'em to crush my opponents
These words are weapons
I never did show no emotion
My words are weapons
I use 'em to kill whoever's steppin to me
My words are like weaponry on a record

[Eminem]
Yo, the rage I release on a page
is like a demon unleashed in a cage
Lunatic, soon as I hit the stage
My mind is like a fuckin stick of dynamite
Onen I get behind the mic
it's like the wick is lit you bitches die tonight
My nine is like a guidin light at night shinin bright
My fuckin grip is tighter than my wife's vagina, psych
These cock-suckin cops got my Smith-N-Wesson
I guess it's time to pick a different weapon, man the shit's depressin
But Swift is getting me a new one for a Christmas present
([Swift:] "Come on Slim, let's go and teach this fuckin bitch a lesson")
They managed to confiscate the pistol that I brandish
But my plan is to use this bullshit to my advantage
Shady stay creative baby hold your head up, don't you let up
one bit on these motherfuckin suckers you're a soldier +GET UP+
STAND UP FOR WHAT YOU BELIEVE IN, LONG AS YOU BREATHIN
THEY JEALOUS OF YOU MAN THAT'S THE ONLY REASON THEY BEEFIN!

[Chorus]

[Swifty McVeigh]
It's that Dirty Dozen renegade
You done pulled the pin out my grenade
.38'sll move your shit up out the way
You niggas wont forget about McVeigh; you got somethin to say?
Let it out today or watch these bullets spray
from these ten black fingers huggin these deadly millimeters
that'll make Jeff Dahmer's look like he caught a misdemeanor
See I'm +Dirty+, so I ain't gotta buy a pistol cleaner
An official beater, don't let me see you with yo' heater
You gets whipped with it, tell them motherfuckers Swift did it
You packin somethin special in your crib then bitch get it
I'm physically fitted to run yo' digits, I'm hostile (uh-huh)
with this Roscoe pointed up your nostrils
You get splitted and guess what, I'm blowin up the hospital
and wouldn't give a fuck if you a cop or a hoe
I'm Hannibal Lector, the spinal cord disconnector
Findin whores to lock 'em up in motels to inject 'em

[Chorus]

[Bizarre]
I'm eatin crews like I'm Hannibal
There's no way I can be the gay rapper
(Eminem: Why not?) I only fuck animals (Oh! Ha-ha)
Stupid trick got my dick startin to itch
Went to my mother's grave site, called her a stupid bitch
One on one in this bloodsport
I'm in divorce court, sold my bitch off a pack of Newports
(Your honor!) Six times I been arrested; how would you feel
if you was a Jehovah witness that always got molested?
(It happens) I'm smokin dank drikin drank
I can't have any kids cause I'm fuckin shootin blanks!
Don't you know Bizarre don't give a fuck?!
Nicole's a whore - I'm glad O.J. murdered the slut (uhh!)
Responsibility - I'm negligent
Bill Clinton's a fag, should be stabbed 
Let Richard Simmons be the President (ohh HEYY!!)
Call me a weirdo, call me Bi-zarre
while I stick it up yo' ass while you shittin diarrhea

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
Yo!