Send "If I Get Locked Up Tonight (feat. Dr. Dre)" Ringtone to your Cell {Dr. Dre}
Check Check, 1,2 , 1,2 1,2(it's rolling)
Yea yea yea Dr. Dre up in here Y'all know what this is.
Its what y'all been waiting for Funk Master Flex, Big Kap,
Def Jam Records giving it to you baby.
Yo Eminem show these mother fuckers what time it is baby

{Eminem}
I used to be a lonely man, only mad, until I got a million dollars, shit
Now if i only had some fucking hair I'd pull it, faster than a bullet
Out of Tupac's chest before the ambulance came too late to do it
I'm trying to grow it back again, it was an accident
I had my back against the fan and chopped it off in Amsterdam
I hate the straight jacket it aint latching, and can't lock it
So they stapled my hand to my pants pockets
The cell's padded and battered like someone else had it
Before me, and just kept throwing they fucking selfs at it
My head is aching, I'm dedicated to medication
But this med is taking to long to bring me this sedadation? (Come on!)
Anyway I got down with Dre (What up?)
The first man who taught me how the glock sounded to spray
Running up and down the street screaming, "Fuck the Police"
When you still had your mother's fucking Nipple stuck in your teeth
(Fucking baby) Became a role model after Colorado
Now all they do is follow me around and holla Bravo!
Hell yea I punch my bitch and beat my kids in public
Suck my dick, bitch
I'm sick enough to fuck a man in his face but I won't
Cause you'll probably wanna stand in his place
So put a sock in it, with your fake-ass Tupac image
You faggots ain't tough, you just get drunk and become talkative
(Wanna Fight?) I'm probably the akwardest alcoholic talking
Walking like a midget with a ladder in his back pocket
So when you see me on your block stumbling, mumbling
A bunch of dumb shit like my drunk uncle does
I ain't buzzed, I'mm juss high on life
So why on earth would I need drugs, when I can fly on kites?
Motherfuckers, Slim Shady

Dr Dre: Dr Dre!
Eminem: I'm drunk pass the tec

{Eminem And Dr. Dre }
Cause if I get locked up tonite!
Then I might not come home tonite!
{Dre} Keep it moving! Off and on, Eminem is on
Off and on, Dr. Dre is On
Cause if I get locked up tonite!
Then I might not come home tonite!
{Dre} Keep it moving! Off and on, Eminem is on
Off and on, Dr. Dre is On

{Eminem}
The whole entire world can sit and twirl like a whirling tire
I set a fucking girl on fire with a curling iron (AHH!)
Psych I'm just joking, for christ sake
Dont get so bent out of shape
Cause I went out and raped six girlfriends
Some people just don't get it, but I won't let it upset me
Cause they don't know better
They don't know what the fuck its like to be so fed up
And fed so many uppers you're down and won't get up
My mind's got a mind of it's own, sometimes I can't find it at home
It hides in the stove (Hello, where you at?)
Shit, talk about your brain being baked
My shit's still in the oven on 480 degrees
Hailey Jade, daddy loves you baby,
Don't ever tell me how to raise my daughter fuck you lady
You critics wanna criticize but couldnt visualize
Individuals lives through a criminal's eyes
The neighborhood that I grew up in you could die for nothing
And Dirty Dozen watches over me so try some dumb shit
I'll have a fucking man raped with a band-aid over his mouth
And shove his head in the fan blade
Don't ever tell me what I can and what I can't say
Or change cause of the age range in my fan base
Like I give a fuck who's buying this shit
Quit fucking buying it, I'm tired bitch, I'm dying to quit
Hip Hop is universal now, it's all commercial now
It's like a circle full of circus clowns up in the circuit now
But now the White kids like it, so they tell me I can buy it
But as soon as I get on the mic it's like the night get silent
Either that or booed, thats why I keep an attitude
And go to sleep with it and wake up with it every afternoon
I'm sick of being judged, fuck it let me see a judge
I'll confess to every murder I committed since 3 years old

{Eminem And Dr. Dre }
Cause if I get locked up tonite!
Then I might not come home tonite!
{Dre} Keep it moving! Off and on, Eminem is on
Off and on, Dr. Dre is On
Cause if I get locked up tonite!
Then I might not come home tonite!
{Dre} Keep it moving! Off and on, Eminem is on
Off and on, Dr. Dre is On

{Dr. Dre}
Fuck that, turn that shit off
Let's get the fuck out of here
You know how we do (echo)
 Send "If I Get Locked Up Tonight (feat. Dr. Dre)" Ringtone to your Cell