RBX
Remember me? ("Seven executions")
Remember me? ("I have no remorse")
Remember me? ("I'm high-powered")
Remember me? ("I drop bombs like Hiroshima")

For this, why it's the X, you retarded?
'Cause I grab the mic and get down, like syndrome
Hide in Rome and to the masses, without boundaries
Whice qualifies me for the term "universal"
Without no rehearsal, colleaged words is controversial
Like I'm not, the one you wanna contest, see
'Cause I'll hit your ass like the train did
that bitch that got "Banned From TV"
Heavyweight get up, hit you, watch you're whole head split up
Loco is the motion, weed comin' through
Hollow tips in the lead, the .45 through

Sticky Fingaz
Remember me? ("Throw ya gunz in the air!")
Remember me? ("Slam!  Slam!")
Remember me? ("Nigga bacdafucup!")
Remember me? ("Chka-chka-Onyx!")

Niggas that take "no" for an answer, get told no
Yeah, I've been told  but it was more like "no, no, no!!"
Life's a bitch; yeah it'll fuck you if you let her
Better come better than better to be a competitor
This ved is a head, the shit is all redder, you deader and deader
I better extended the cheddars and credda
Instead of vendetta, a mellow beretta from ghetto to ghetto
Evidence?  Nope!  Never leave a shredda
I got the soul of every rapper in me, love me or hate me
My moms got raped by the industry and made me
I'm the illest nigga ever, I told you
I get more pussy than them dyke bitches total
Want beef, nigga? PSH better dead that shit
My name should be "Can't-Believe-That-Nigga-Said-That-Shit"
Probably say "he ain't a killa", but I'm killin' myself
Smoke def, fuck bitches raw, on the kitchen floor
So think what I'ma do to you, have done to you
Got niggas in my hood who'd do that shit for a blunt or too
What you wanna do, cocksuckers?  We're glock busters
'Til the cops cuff us, we'll start ruckus and drop blockbusters
'Round the clock hustlers, you cannot touch us
I'm gettin' wires niggas wantin' me dead
One in my head, you think it could be somethin' I said?

Eminem
Remember me? ("I just don't give a fuck!")
Remember me? ("Yeah, fuck you too!")
Remember me? ("I'm low down and I'm shifty!")
Remember me? ("I'm shady!")

When I go out, I'ma go out shootin'
I don't mean when I die, I mean when I go out to the club, stupid
I'm tryin' to clean up my fuckin' image,
so I promised the fuckin' critics
I wouldn't say "fuckin'" for six minutes
(*click* Six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on)
My baby's mom, bitch made me an angry blonde
So I made me a song, killed her and put Hailie on
I may be wrong, I keep thinkin' these crazy thoughts
In my cranium, but I'm stuck with a crazy mom
(Is she really on as much dope as you say she's on?)
Came home, and somebody must've broke in the back window
And stole two loaded machine guns and both of my trenchcoats
Sick sick dreams of picnic scenes, two kids, sixteen
And M-16's with ten clips each
And them shits reach through 6 kids each
And Slim gets blamed in Bill Clint's speech to fix these streets?
FUCK THAT! PSH you faggots can vanish to volcanic ash
And re-appear in hell with a can of gas, AND a match
Aftermath, Dre, grab the gat, show 'em where it's at
(What the fuck you starin' at.)

Don't you remember me?
Remember me?
Remember me?!
Remember me?!