[Prelude]
America! We love you! How many people are proud to be citizens of this beautiful country of ours? The stripes and the stars for the rights that men have died for to protect 
The women and men who have broke their necks for the freedom of speech 
The United States government has sworn to uphold. 
(Yo I want everybody to listen to the words of this song) or so we're told...

I never would've dreamed in a million years I'd see, 
So many motherfuckin' people who feel like me
Who share the same views and the same exact beliefs, 
It's like a fuckin' army marchin' in back of me

So many lives I touch, so much anger aimed in no particular direction, 
Just sprays and sprays and straight through your radio waves it plays and plays, 
'Til it stays stuck in your head for days and days
who woulda thought, standing in this mirror bleachin' my hair, with some peroxide, 

reachin' for a t-shirt to wear that I would catapult to the forefront of rap like this? 
How could I predict my words would have an impact like this/
I must've struck a chord, with somebody up in the office, 
'Cause Congress keeps telling me I ain't causin' nothin' but problems

And now they're sayin' I'm in trouble with the government, 
I'm lovin' it, I shoveled shit all my life/and now I'm dumping it on...

[Chorus: x2]

Look at these eyes baby blue baby just like yaself
If they were brown
Shady lose Shady sits on the shelf
But Shady's cute

Shady knew Shady's dimples would help
Make ladies swoon baby (ooo baby)
Look at myself!
Let's do the math

If I was black I woulda sold half
I ain't have to graduate from Lincoln High School to know that
But I can rap so fuck school
I'm too cool to go back

Gimme the mic
Show me where the fuckin' studios at
When I was underground
No one gave a fuck I was white

No labels wanted to sign me
Almost gave up, I was like "Fuck it"
Until I met Dre
The only one who looked past

Gave me a chance
And I lit a fire up under his ass
Helped him get back to the top
Every fan black that I got

Was probably his in exchange for every white fan that hes got
Like damn we just swapped
Sittin' back look at this shit wow
I'm like "My skin, is it startin' to work to my benefit now?"

[Chorus: x2]

See the problem is I speak to suburban kids
Who otherwise woulda never knew these words exist
These mom's probably woulda never gave 2 squirts of piss
'Till I created so much muthafuckin' turbulance

Straight out the tube right into ya livin' rooms I came
And kids flipped
When they knew I was produced by Dre
That's all it took

And they were instantly hooked right in
And they connected wit me too because I looked like them
That's why they put my lyrics up under this microscope
Searchin' wit a fine toothed comb

It's like this rope waitin' to choke
Tightenin' around my throat
Watchin' me while I write this like "I dont like this, NO!"
All I hear is

Lyrics lyrics constant controversy
Sponsors workin' round the clock
To try to stop my concerts early
Surely hip hop is never a problem

In Harlem only In Boston
After it bothered ya fathers
Of daughters startin' to blossom
Now I'm catchin' the flack from these activists

When they raggin'
Actin' like I'm the 1st rapper to smack a bitch and say faggot
Shit,
Just look at me like I'm ya closest pal

A poster child
The muthafuckin' spokesman now for

[Chorus: x2]

So to the parents of America
I am the damager aimed at little Erica
To attack her character
The ring leader of the circus of worthless pawns

Sent to lead the march right up to the steps of Congress
And piss on the lawns of the White House
To burn the casket and replace it with a parental advisory sticker
To spit liquor in the faces of this democracy of hipocracy

Fuck you Ms. Cheney
Fuck you Tipper Gore
Fuck you with the freeness of speech this divided states of embarrasment Will allow me to have
Fuck You!

Hahaha! I'm just playin' America, you know I love you