Ya mother...fuckin' faggot.

Hey yo...this next song is dedicated to the memory of Erik Schrody.
Rest in peace.
We'll never forget about you...fuckin homo.
We'll still remember.

There once was a man who liked to jump around. (jump around) (yo)
But he got too old to jump up and down. (up and down) (so then what happened?)
So he put the mic down and picked a guitar up. (picked a guitar up) (and then he what?)
Started singin the blues like there was no tomorrow. (no tomorrow) (come on)
Left his boys in the House of Pain. (in the House of Pain) (biach)
It was the wisest decision he ever made. (ever made)
But the dumbest thing that he could ever do. (he could ever do) (was what?)
Was try ta buck a 380 on those that act shady
Tell me now whatchu gonna do? (now whatchu gonna do?) (haha)

Cuz I remember all those years (yeah)
How it was when you were here (c'mon)
I remember how it was (what)
How it was when you were young (yeah)
Yesterday was so long ago (long ago)
Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit came along now
Don't nobody wanna hear your old ass sing no more.

I remember back when you had the knack. (had the knack) (hahahahaha)
And I remember when you had your first heart attack. (heart attack) (*wheezing noise)
I was right there laughin' when i heard the news. (heard the news)
I just wish the cardiac would've murdered you. (would've murdered you) (damn)
Maybe Ice T's right, you are a bitch. (you are a bitch) (maybe he's right)
You come around when you're broke and you leave when you're rich (leave when you're rich) (haha)
But the dumbest thing you could ever do (that you could ever do) (was what?)
Was try ta buck a 380 on those that act shady
Tell me now whatchu gonna do? (now whatchu gonna do?)

Cuz I remember all those years. (what?)
How it was when you were here. (come on)
I remember how it was. (what?)
How it was when you were young.
Yesterday was so long ago. (long ago)
Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit came along now
Don't nobody wanna hear your old ass sing no more. (Yo yo yo yo yo yo)

Remember back in '94,
Like right before Miss Everlast was Whitey Ford,
Before his heart attack had him on life support. (beep beep)
When House of Pain was out of fame,
Like someone doused the flame,
And they became destined to never jump around again.
Or even further back, when I first had heard the knack,
When you were down with syndicate.
I went to get the shit, man I was into it.
But then you went, and took your style, and switched the shit.
Now you sound ridiculous.
You dickless piece of shit, how could you diss me bitch? (huh?)
I liked you, thought you was alright for a white dude.
Remember Sway and Tech when I came up and sat beside you,
Started rhymin' then you left the room and didn't say goodbye or nuthin.
Like you mad that someone else was white and tryin' ta rhyme or somethin'.
I'm sorry man, I wasn't tryin ta steal your light or nuthin.
But you're a homosexual, white rappin' Irish (unknown)
Man I wish I was Irish, I could be a (unknown) too.
Then I'd be confused as you, and I wouldn't know what to do.
What's up witchu?
I never fucked witchu, why would you fuck with me?
Knowin' I could rap circles around you, what? Is you nuts as me?
Plus I can sing better than you, and I don't fuckin' sing.
And probably play guitar better, and I aint never touched a string.
But I ain't mad at you, I'd hate me too if I was you.
I'm what you used to be; shit, you was me in '92.
So every time I write a lyric, I'ma think of you.
And maybe that'll help me know what it's like to sing the blues.
(la-di-da)

Cuz I remember all those years.
How it was when you were here. (I know)
I remember how it was. (how it was)
How it was when you were young. (when you were young)
Yesterday was so long ago. (long ago)
Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit came along now
Don't nobody wanna hear your old ass sing no more.

Cuz I remember all those years. (what)
How it was when you were here. (come on)
I remember how it was. (how it was)
How it was when you were young.
Yesterday was so long ago. (long ago)
Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit came along now
Don't nobody wanna hear your old ass sing no more.

Fuckin homo (pussy)
Fuckin faggot sissy (fuck)
And by the way, 380's a fuckin' sissy gun. (homo)
You gonna shoot somebody use a fuckin' real gun. (dont fuck wit me)
Little bitch.
Next time say my fuckin' name in the song.
Dont be subliminal about it. (you know)
You gonna diss me, fuckin' diss me, fuckin' faggot.
Fuckin' punk pussy.
Fuckin' little bitch.
Fuckin' cunt.
Little fuckin'...fuck.