Send "Intro (Slim Shady)" Ringtone to your Cell May I have your attention please 
May I have your attention please 
Will the Real Slim Shady please stand up? 
I repeat, will the Real Slim Shady please stand up? 
We're gonna have a problem here... 
{verse 1} 
Ya'll act like you never seen a white person before 
Jaws all on the floor like Pam like Tommy just burst in the door 
Started whoopin her ass worst than before 
they first were dirvorced sold her old furniture (scream) 
It's the return of the 
"Awww wait, no way, your kidding 
He didn't just say what I think he did, did he?" 
And Dr Dre said... 
Nothing you idiots Dr Dre's dead he's locked in my basement (haha) 
Feminist women loved Eminem 
Chicka chicka chicka Slim Shady I'm sick of him 
Look at him walking around grabing his you-know-what 
Flippin' the you-know-who (yea but hes so cute though) 
Yeah I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose 
But no worse than whats going on in your parents bedrooms 
Sometimes I wanna get on TV and let Loose, 
but can't, but it's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose 
"My bum is on your lips my bum is on your lips 
And if im lucky u might just give it a little kiss" 
And that's the messege we deliver to little kids 
and expect them not to know what a women's *vagina* is 
Of course they're gonna know what intercourse is 
by the time they hit 4th grade, 
they got the discovery channel don't they? 
We ain't nothing but mammals, well some of us cannibals 
who *rip* other people open like canolopes 
But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes 
then theres no reason that a man and another man can't elope (ughh) 
But if you feel like I feel I got the antadoite 
Women wave your pantyhose, sing the chorus 
And it gooooesss 
(Refrain) 
I'm Slim Shady 
Yes I'm the Real Shady 
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating 
So won't the real Slim Shady... 
Please stand up, Please stand up, Please stand up 
Cause I'm Slim Shady 
Yes I'm the Real Shady 
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating 
So won't the real Slim Shady... 
Please stand up, Please stand up, Please stand up 
{verse 2} 
Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell records 
Well I do, so *f---* him and *f---* you too 
You think I give a damn about a grammy? 
Half of you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me 
(but Slim what if u win wouldn't it be weird?) 
Why? So you guys can just lie to get me here? 
So you can sit me here next to Britney Spears 
s--- Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs 
So I can sit next to Carson Daily and Fred Durst 
And hear them argue over who she gave *head* to first 
Little *bitch* put me on blast on MTV 
(yea hes cute but I think he's married to Kim, hehe) 
I should download a audio on mp3 
And show the whole world how you gave Eminem *head* (scream) 
I'm sick of you little golden boy groups all you do is annoy me 
So I been sent in here to destroy you 
And there's a million of us just like me 
Who cuss like me 
Who just don't give a *f---* like me 
Who dress like me 
Walk, Talk and act like me 
It just might be the next best thing 
But not quite me 
(Refrain) 
{verse 3} 
I'm like a headtrip to listen to 
Cause I'm only giving you 
things you joke about with your friends inside your living room 
The only difference is I got the balls to say it In front of ya'll 
And I don't got to be false or sugar coat it at all 
I just get on the mic and spit it 
Wheather you like to admit it 
I'm better than 90% of you rappers out there 
Then you wanna outkin kids like these albums like 
Its funny cuz the rate im going when I'm 30 
I'll be the only person in the nursing home flirting 
Pinching nurses asses when I'm *hard* jerkin I'm jerking 
But this whole bag of viagra isn't working 
And every single person is a Slim Shady lurkin 
He could be workin at Burger King spitten on your onion rings 
Were in the parking lot circling 
screaming I don't give a *f---* 
With his windows down and system up 
So will the Real Shady, please stand up 
and put one of those fingers on each hand up 
and to be proud to out of your mind and out of control 
and one more time, loud as you can, how does it go? 


Ha ha
Guess there's a Slim Shady in all of us
Fuck it, let's all stand up
 Send "Intro (Slim Shady)" Ringtone to your Cell