(Eminem) + (Obie Trice) 
KaySlay! (Yeah) Yo.. 
Drama King! (Yeah!) 
Check it out, check it out - O. Trice! 
(Shady Records nigga, it's goin down once again boy) 
It's just a scratch man (Let's go Em) 

(Eminem) 
I +Murder+ this +Inc+ as soon as I touch the page 
You ain't gon' have no other choice but to rush the stage 
and charge the mic, and I hope you got the heart to fight 
Cause you gon' have to, cause you ain't got the smarts to write 
somethin that good, to try to come back at me with 
What you gon' do, try to out-rap me with that happy shit? 
You motherfuckers crack me up 
Talkin bout you gonna smack me up, y'all won't even back me up 
Throw up your paws, you pussies can't even scratch me hard 
It's like fuckin Castor Claw tryna jack me off 
You think I'm afraid? What you tryna throw some fear in me? 
You think I'm dumb enough to roll with no security? {*gun clicks*} 
I'm doin my best to try to show maturity 
But don't sit there and stare at me like hoes and sneer at me 
like it's supposed to be scarin me 
Like I won't leap clean over this fuckin V.I.P. rope and throw this chair 
at anyone close or near me tryna approach me physically 
cause he don't spit lyrically 
And he knows that my flow's so sick, this hoe's on my dick 
and he's so sick of hearin me, my posters is starin at him 
But I don't think he knows the severity 
of what it could escalate to or that it could grow so seriously 
if I go hysterically; cause I guarantee 
there's no one in here that would resort like a childhood 
any quicker than I would, or hit you with plywood 
Especially when I'm sippin on this liquor and tonic 
One swig of this bottle I'ma go upside your head so hard with it 

the mark from it'll be so dark that it'll leave a scar so big 
you'll be able to read a label from the motherfuckin 
sticker that's on it; I'm sick of the nonsense 
Shit is ridiculous and I refuse to let it get to this point 
where I'ma let you sit on my conscience - I'm gone bitch, YEAH! 

(Obie Trice) + (Eminem) 
I'm gone bitch 
Shady Records motherfucker, we gone bitch 
I said we gone bitch, so long bitch 
Catch up if you can (whoo!) we movin on bitch (UHH!) 

(Obie Trice) 
Now who you know been to Kyoto, Tokyo 
off of one debut, screamin, "I'm in Janai yo!" 
Obie Trice, sho' you right 
He done seen overseas, he's not a prototype (nah) 
Nobody's protégé, Em only showed O. the way 
Fuck what the media say 
If you listen to music then you should know that O. Trice fused it 
in a matter where he speaks how the streets views it 
Choose, to translate it through the art of music 
and started usin it reachin the youth influenced by the truth in it (truth!) 
And as a boy, a man, I ran from boys in vans 
Do the knowledge, acknowledge and try to comprehend 
Hand full of contraband 
A product of my environment, narcotics and violence 
Inspires the content, but my intent is 
to retire these tired-ass writers in si-lence (yeah!) 
Cause haters they hate us cause Shady became famous 
and claimed the rap game when they thought he'd be nameless (hah!) 
But racist accusations won't change us 
Let the truth be told, you think O. will be over here 
like, "Massa, show 'em you got soul" - no! 
Anybody knows us know this not how we roll 
So, I still push the bucket 
If I ain't trust it I wouldn't fuck with it 
But fuck it, I'm gone bitch! {*two gunshots*}