People! It feels so good to be back. 
Ladies and Gentlemen, introducing the new and improved, you know who

Never been the type to bend or budge, 
The wrong button to push, 
No friend of Bush
I'm the centerpiece, you're a Maltese. 
I'm a pitbull off his leash, 
All this peace talk can cease
All these people I had to leave in limbo, 
I'm back now, I've come to release this info
I'll be brief and let me just keep shit simple, 
Can-a-bitch don't want no beef with Slim? No!
Not even on my radar, so won't you please jump off my dick, 
Lay off and stay off
And follow me as I put these crayons to chaos from sÃ?Â©ance to sÃ?Â©ance, 
Aw-a-aw-sh-a-aw

[Chorus: x2]
C'mon now, let's all get on down, 
Let's do-si-do now, we gon' have a good ol' time
Don't be scared, cus there ain't nothin' to worry 'bout, 
Let your hair down, and square dance with me!

Let your hair down to the track, yeah kick on back. 
Boo! The boogie monster of rap, yeah the man's back
With a plan to ambush this Bush administration, 
Mush the Senate's face in, push this generation
Of kids to stand and fight for the right to say something you might not like, 
This white hot light
That I'm under, no wonder I look so sunburnt, 
Oh no I won't leave no stone unturned
Oh no I won't leave, 
Won't go nowhere, do-si-do, oh, yo, ho, hello there
Oh yeah don't think I won't go there, go to Beirut and do a show there
Yah you laugh till your muthafuckin' ass gets drafted, 
While you're at band camp thinkin' the crap can't happen
Till you fuck around, get an anthrax napkin, 
Inside a package wrapped in saran wrap wrapping
Open the plastic and then you stand back gasping, 
Fuckin' assassins hijackin' Amtracks crashin'
All this terror America demands action, 
Next thing you know you've got Uncle Sam's ass askin'
To join the army or what you'll do for their Navy. 
You just a baby, gettin' recruited at eighteen
You're on a plane now, eatin' their food and their baked beans. 
I'm twenty-eight, they're gonna take you 'fore they take me
Crazy insane or insane crazy? When I say Hussein, you say Shady
My views ain't changed, still inhumane, wait, 
Arraigned two days late, the date's today, hang me!

[Chorus: x2]

Nothin' moves me more than a groove that soothes me, 
Nothin' soothes me more than a groove that boosts me
Nothin' boosts me more, or suits me beautifully, 
There's nothin' you can do to me, stab me shoot me
Psychotic, hypnotic product I got it the antibiotic, 
Ain't nobody hotter and so on
And yada yada, god I talk a lotta hem de lay la la la, 
Oochie walla um da dah da dah da but you gotta gotta
Keep movin', there's more music to make, 
Keep makin' new shit, 
Produce hits to break
The monotony, what's gotten into me? 
Drugs, rock, and Hennessey, thug like I'm 'Pac on my enemies
On your knees, got you under siege, somebody you would give a lung to be
Hun-ga-ry, like a fuckin' younger me, fuck the fee, 
I can get you jumped for free
Yah buddy, laugh it's funny, 
I have the money to have you killed by somebody who has nothing
I'm past bluffing, pass the K-why, 
Let's get ready for some intense, serious ass fucking!

[Chorus: x2]

Dr. Dre, wants to square dance with me
Nasty Nas, wants to square dance with me
X to the Z, wants to square dance with me
Busta Rhymes, wants to square dance with me
Cana-bitch, won't square dance with me
Fan-a-bitch, won't square dance with me
Canada-bis, don't want no parts of me
Dirty Dozen, wants to square dance with you
Yee-Haw!