Send "My Name (feat. Eminem & Nate Dogg)" Ringtone to your Cell [Eminem]
This ain't beef man
I don't know what the fuck to call it
But no beef
Whattup X?

I float like B.I.G.'s spirit in this bitch I'm ghostly
Rush me, cause you ain't gonna live to roast me
I'd have my motherfuckin ass kicked by Moby
if I let some bitch in the Can like 'Bis cop over me
to do war, and try to bring my crew back down
I'll never stoop, to that level, to do that now
I got a new cat, this time I'm pullin two gats out
With bullets, I finally got somethin to shoot at now

[Xzibit]
Let's see who got they city on lock
Let's see who got the better aim with the glock
Let's see who come out on top
Let's see who REALLY want they name in the streets
Let's see who wanna die the same time as me
and make ends meet
Now was I, blessed with a gift, or cursed with a curse?
I follow, hearse after hearse, with verse after verse
And I'll be damned if I let Billy dance Dupri
Or anybody swing an axe at my family tree, so now

[Chorus: Nate Dogg]
I love it when you niggaz be talkin, sayin my name
Seems like your mouth is not connected to your brain
Two-zero-zero-three, and shit, it ain't the same
Better have a strap my nigga, simple and plain
Put your nuts on the table, my nigga let's play the game
Hurt you so long, you'll be a-ddicted to pain
I don't wanna hear what you meant, do not explain
Right before you lay in your coffin, hoe say my name

[Xzibit]
Why do you hate me? (Hate me) I came from nothin
Blood sweat and tears, you did not create me
How can you doubt me? (Doubt me) You don't know shit about me
There'd be no West coast without me
Cut with the bullshit (Bullshit) I struggle for survival
And now you tryin to act like my rival?
Watch what you say partner, it's a small earth
Don't play games with your life nigga, it's not worth
all the pain (all the pain) all the agony (all the agony)
All the horror (all the horrow) all the tragedy (all the tragedy)
Put your hands up people, it's time to fight now
I beat holes in your chest, remain hostile
Threaten my life? (C'mon!) One day you'll understand
They say that pride is the sign of a foolish man
So who the FUCK?! (Who the FUCK?!) you think you talkin to
Live and direct in the flesh, I'm right in FRONT OF YOU!

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
I never really smashed on Jermaine's ass, Dre smashed him
Nobody ganged up 'til he came back and jacked him
I never really brought it to his ass, I tapped him
I coulda been like Treach, boom-bapped and slapped him
purple, for mimickin him with two rappin Urkels
I coulda snapped, took it past rap and hurt you
But I didn't, I kept it on wax and served you
I "Square Dance" cause I'm sick of rappin circles
around these clowns, stready tryin to call me out
It's like I'm listenin to motherfuckin dogs meow
You'd probably do better tryin to come and stomp me out
You don't want it with rap, this is what I'm all about - c'mon
(I) No gangsta you ain't either
(Will) But I know that I spit "Ether"
(Not) I shit across your belly
(Lose) Show you I'm not R. Kelly
X, pass me the weed, I'ma put my ashes out on his ass
For the last time man.. {*scratched* - "Watch your fuckin mouth"}

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
For the last time man, I'm through
 Send "My Name (feat. Eminem & Nate Dogg)" Ringtone to your Cell