And I'm willing to borrow your grass, but I specialize in eating MCs
In the immortal words of LL Cool J as he would say

I'm a G.O.A.T.
And for those of y'all who don't know what a G.O.A.T. is, it means the "Greatest Of All-Time", and I consider myself one of those, so thank you very much here it goes.

This is the part I was worried about
Everything thinks that my career is down the tubes
And I'm in some dusty garage inhalin' them carbon monoxide fumes
And everyone's tellin' me what I should do and how I should come out and what to rap about
And I know that I got a lot up in my abdullah oblongotta that I gotta get out
And I'm not sure how this is gonna come off, they're probably gonna think that I'm comin' off as cocky (haha)
Like I just started givin' a fuck what you really think about me
See the thing about me
Is you don't really know a thing about me
Everyone's makin' a stink about me
Like there's some kind of a aura of that of a king around me
Surround me with nothin' but gangsters, killers and bangers, and the most dangerous criminals
And I feel like I'm more comfortable around them than I do my own motherfuckin' neighbours
But see my dream is to be remembered as one of the best when I leave
But why does it seem like I'm not even put up in the same category as other MCs
So when Weezy says that he's better than Jay-Z, please be that just subliminally
He means he thinks that Jigga's the best, and that he's the only one up in that league, see?
And it's easy just to consider me one of the greatest white rappers there is
Knowin' Goddamn well that I'm one of the best motherfuckin' rappers who ever lived period

I'm a G.O.A.T.
And I don't mean to gloat, but I know what I know and I know what you think
And these magazines'll never put it in ink
Because how would it look if they considered me as a G.O.A.T.?
And for those of y'all who don't know what a G.O.A.T. is, it means the "Greatest Of All-Time", and I consider myself one of those, so thank you very much here it goes

Maybe they figured that I'm on my way out the game so they gotta go try to find 'em a new Eminem or a new Shady
If they think it's gonna happen, man I thought I was crazy
Or maybe I could be takin' it wrong and they're try'na pay homage to me in a strange way
So let me pay homage to my fellow white competitors almost in the same way
See, you hardly ever do hear anyone even bring up that Paul Wall's white
'Cause lyrically he doesn't pose a threat to anyone, see he's just a'ight
And Bubba Sparxxx, he just won't write
Because he's so caught up in that Snow White
That Timbaland can't even get him in the studio, he's so gone off that coke, right?
And it's so sad, 'cause he's dope, right?  America's next great white hope, right?

So now they feel like they gotta come up with some corny-ass white rapper show, right?
'N which I'm still having mixed feelings about
They said to be real, I'm just spillin' it out
There's something about a white boy talking black 'n runnin' around with a damn grill in his mouth
And I love when they say that Tiger Woods shit, "isn't it ironic that
The best rapper's white, and the best golfer's black?"
And I'm the one who's gotta catch all the flack off of that
But these are the people who never had heard of an Eminem until 8 Mile had come out
But I had already hit middle America, parents just all got to likin' me now
And suddenly I wasn't such a bad guy
All of the hatred for me must've died
Thought I committed career suicide
So I had to turn back into the bad guy
So "faggoty, faggoty, faggoty, gays, anatomy, God made Raggedy Ann and Andy
Not Raggedy Andy and Andy and Andy"
And Angelina Jolie is just another ho
And Brad is a sucker because once I fuck her, she wants to go to Somalia to adopt another baby
You know what I say?  No.
You better save some of those kids for Madonna, she needs all the publicity she can get
You wanted Shady, well you got it man.  I ain't apologizin' for shit.

I'm a G.O.A.T.
And I don't mean to gloat, but I know what I know and I know what you think
And these magazines'll never put it in ink
Because how would it look if they considered me as a G.O.A.T.?
And for those of y'all who don't know what a G.O.A.T. is, it means the "Greatest Of All-Time", and I consider myself one of those, so thank you very much here it goes

Man, I'm takin' my ball and going home, man
This shit is too easy
Nobody even wants to pass me the ball, 'cause (I'm a G.O.A.T.)
So don't worry, I'm out the motherfuckin' game
And y'all can sit and argue about who's the motherfuckin' best, but y'all know that (I'm a G.O.A.T.)
And like I said, I'm one of the motherfuckin' best before you get your panties in a motherfuckin' bunch
(I'm a G.O.A.T.)
Before I go I'd like to say fuck you very much to everyone who wasn't there from the start
And thank you very much to everbody who was
(I'm a G.O.A.T.)
And you don't gotta say it, just think it
'Cause I know that you know that I know that you know that I know that (I'm a G.O.A.T.)
Hahahaha
I'm out y'all, it's been real
(I'm a G.O.A.T.)
Peace
