(Uhh, hell yea man, hm, oh fuck yeah
When I'm not at home, beating my shit to death
I'm listening to the Madd Rapper's album
This is Ken Kaniff, and I'm still mad as hell...fuck you)

(Eminem)
I'm crazy with this razor with this razor I'm crazy
With this crazor I'm razy, razor crazed I'm crazy!
(Ok I'm Re-Loaded!!) Go Bring Jay-Z!!!
(Tell them him I'ma ghostwrite for him!!) Over Dre's Beats!!!
Ran in the ladies room naked in a blanket
At the banquet and started to spank it (AHHH!!)
Came in the bank with a tank, fired a blank
At the clerk and handcuffed her ankles to the safe and thanked her
But I didn't take nothing (Thanks!)
Every bullet came from the same gun
Just from different angles, cause I was pickin' strange places to aim from
(Mad Rapper: Man, I bet you 50 bucks you won't jump out the window
Shady)
(Crash) (Ahhhh!!) Pay me

(Madd Rapper)
Psych, no way fucked up in the head
Shot my girl and my sister cause I caught them in bed (Wait, wait, wait)
I'm a crazy mothafucka might shoot me a fed
Or I just might start a fist fight instead
See as far as the dough go
I go loco, see me pumpin gas at your local Sunoco
Stuck off the hydro mixed with cocoa
Jump turnstyles, then run from po po

Life stinks, we dont give a fuck son, we crazy
Tear up the clubs and do drugs, we crazy
Fuck wild ho's and bust slugs, we crazy
Madd rapper is crazy, Slim Shady is (CRAZY!!!)
Life stinks, we dont give a fuck son, we crazy
Tear up the clubs and do drugs, we crazy
Fuck wild ho's and bust slugs, we crazy
Madd rapper is crazy, Slim Shady is (CRAZY!!!)

(Madd Rapper)
Yo yo, i wish I'd been aborted
My pockets got a shortage
Everything I wanna floss I can't afford it
I'm tryin to sell a O', my pops tryin' to snort it
My daughter's babysitter is about to be deported
I'm mad cause I still stand in line for clubs
Mad cause my rottweiler still shits on the rugs (God Dammit Spike!!!)
Feeling kinda crazy now, I just might flip out
Slim Shady gave me shrooms and I might trip out, like...
(Eh.... Oh... Dude... That shit's crazy man... oohhhh..... This is incredible... ohhh....)
Fuck that Slim keep that for yourself
You a crazy Withe dude and u need some help, word

(Eminem)
I got a beautiful wife, kids and a gorgeous home
What would make jump in the tub with a cordless phone?
I'm straight viscious I hit you with plates and dishes
Leave you eight stitches, what I'm gay cause I hate bitches?
Slut dont be nice to me, I've had it with girls
And i'll still be mad at the world, even if it apoligized to me (Sorry!)
You're hearing the last thoughts of a man about to blow his fuckin' brains out
Fall back with a blood stained blouse on top of his spouse
Spread out on a blood stained couch 
In front of his kids that he just killed in the same house
I'm sicker than Boy George picturin' Michael Jackson 
In little boys' drawers shoppin' at toy stores **whistling**
Shady said it, Shady meant it, I stay demented
I'll throw a stroller at u, with a baby in it
Go ahead pull the plug, think I won't smack you
I just dropped a fuckin' pill mom, dont vacuum!!!

Life stinks, we dont give a fuck son, we crazy
Tear up the clubs and do drugs, we crazy
Fuck wild ho's and bust slugs, we crazy
Madd rapper is crazy, Slim Shady is (CRAZY!!!)
Life stinks, we dont give a fuck son, we crazy
Tear up the clubs and do drugs, we crazy
Fuck wild ho's and bust slugs, we crazy
Madd rapper is crazy, Slim Shady is (CRAZY!!!)