[2pac]
Get on your knees nigga! Get on your knees and pray! Haha...

[Ja Rule]
Em you claim your mother's a crackhead and Kim is a known slut
so what's Hailie gonna be when she grows up?

[Eminem]
Ah-Ha! Yeh, come on, G-G-G-G-G-G-Unit
Hailie, come here baby, bring Daddy his Oscar
We're gonna shove it up Ja Rule's ass

[Swifty]
I'm about to get to rid of some hoes
It's simple, I'm quick to murder Inc. with lead
and I ain't talkin' about a pencil
Look at what the fuck you don' get into
I see you found your niche, you just a bitch with a menstrual
claimin' you a murderer and spelt it wrong
you put the E before the D because that's all you on
you on Pac's dick, you a replica guy
If he was still alive you would never get by
all you do is cry, bitch keep it real
life is more then entertaining niggas and eatin' pills
and what kind of muthafucka ruins 3 deals
and another nigga got ya, they didn't see skills
and i ain't playin, you a brotha gettin' cheated
and Ja Rule be prayin' on his colour cause he need it (Get on your knees and 
pray!)
and all you niggas hatin', shut your mouths
it's just the real niggas ain't buyin' your shit y'all pull out

[Obie Trice]
Doe Ray Me, but we don't sing muhfuckas
so Murda Inc. do your thing muhfuckas
You unleashed on a team who expects nothin' less then R&B comin' from that 
regime
regime - is a little extreme, that connects with soldiers, muhfuckin marines
Ja sold his soul to sing, leave our witness team on the TV screen, chase the 
green
now that you embrace the green don't fuck with them triple beams
you's a muthafucka actor, slash Pac impersonatin' rapper,
slash Billy Holiday, how'd it happen?
artists and repetoi saw him in action,
Pac assissination, Def Jam grabbed him
told him reinact him, you go platinum
they seein' it for sure,
and I know Afeni Shakur don't enjoy Jeffrey Atkins reinactin' her boy
so I'm quick clappin' the toy, mash and destroy
Shady slash Aftermath and Detroit muthafucka

[Chorus: Eminem]
Doe ray me, you fly so high to die don't blame me
cause you lost or caused your spot
imma save him on the side of my crusade
Ja quit playin', knock it off you're not 2pac
believe me, cuz you're not Em and you're not goin' at me
cuz i'm the only shot you got
Ja quit playin, knock it off you're not 2pac
get popped like all that shit you pop

[Kuniva]
now we can skip past the mean mugs and get to the slugs
till the grievance and the cryin' and the intimate hugs
we don't take you serious nigga
you shook, you half of a halfway crook
get off X's dick go sing a hook nigga
and you can't replace the late Great One
and when you gone you only gon' be the late Fake One
nigga please, stick to the script before the guns stick to the clip
and Benzino you ain't shit but a bitch,
fuckin' old ass ignorant innocent lookin' senior citizen
built up slap you like Grandma saw sensitive
wait a minute hold on (wussup?)
is it me or do we look like a banana with braids and clothes on
bitch-made-man, now how you gonna connect
with those short ass arms like a Tyrannosaurus Rex
you niggas could scream hollerin' curse
go ahead respond and pull that pen and pad up outta your purse

[Proof]
Slim didn't send Proof to get into wankstas
he told me to let loose and spit at the gangstas
what up Gotti and this little war you pushed on?
put your ear to the ground for stuckin' your Bridgestones
whats wrong? didn't think we strong with real niggas?
roll like a boss in the streets they still feel us
it's real business, y'all ain't caught the concept
you talkin' nonsense to walk in conflicts
contacts was blown by Benzetta in The Source
threatin' at the boss you see me at your porch
now Irv got the nerv to try and serve on us,
but Detroit niggas urban and ain't scared of the bus

[Kon Artis]
Yo, props to my nigga Bugz
punks like you get beat up
stomp on come just to smack him with the heater
this rap cookie monster gets jabbed in his tonsils with dicks
so much that he should be fixed with a vagina,
who's behind ya? Cadillac Pac
or the transvestite that dressed like a little kid fox?
the chest like a little wooden box?
when I press tight on the trigger on this glock
let's run on the little shit you got left to help you eat
your not Pac's soul, without laws we'll help you sleep
you got shot in your video tryin' to mock Pac
you Mockaveli, get your own idea

[Chorus: Eminem]
(Over the Chorus)
Don't you never say my little girl's name in a song again
fuckin punk, pussy, bitch, I'll fuck you up boy
never, never in your mothafuckin' life
smack the shit out you little mothafuckin' midget
Hailie will whip your mothafuckin' ass

[Obie Trice]
Yeah, that's right mothafuckas
Shady Records, what you know about?
Fuck Benzino, Fuck Ja Rule, nigga
this Obie Trice right here talkin to you muhfuckas
Ja Rule punk ass, yeh
fuckin' Soul4Real ass, nigga that's over with
that's the nigga from Soul4Real, candy reign ass nigga
he got a deal now he rappin', he don't know what's...
faggot ass muhfuckas, give money to all my real niggas man
Obie Trice, D12, G-Unit, 50 Cent, Hailie Jade! Hahaha

[Hailie]
Daddy is Ja Rule taller than me?

[Eminem]
No honey you guys are the same size