[Hook: Pink] 
You can sound the alarm 
You can call out your guards 
You can fence in your yard 
You can hold all the cards 
But I won't back down 
Oh no I won't back down, oh no 

[Verse 1] 
Cadillac Sevilles, coupe DeVilles 
Brain-dead rims, yeah, stupid wheels 
Girl I'm too for real 
Losing tooth-and-nail, trying to fight it 
Try to deny it, stupid you will feel 
What I do, I do it well 
Shooting from the hip, yeah boy, I shoot to kill 
Half a breath left on my death-bed 
Screaming “f that”, yeah, super-ill 
Baby what the deal? 
We can chill, split a half a pill and a Happy Meal 
Fuck a steak slut, I'll cut my toes off 
And step on the receipt before I foot the bill 
Listen garden tool, don't make me 
Introduce you to my power tool: 
You know the fucking drill 
How you douchebags feel 
Knowing you're disposable, Summer's Eve, Massengill 
Shady's got the mass appeal 
Baby crank the shit cause it's your god damn jam 
You said that you want your punchlines a little more compact 
Well shorty, I'm that man 
These other cats ain't metaphorically where I'm at man 
I gave Bruce Wayne a Valium and said: 
“Settle your fucking ass down I'm ready for combat, man” 
Get it? Calm Batman, nah, ain't nobody who's as bombing as us 
Mines are like Mom's CAT-scans 
Cause they fucking go bananas 
Honey I applaud that ass, swear to God, man 
These broads can't dance 
Ma, show them how it's done, spaz like a god damn Taz ya 

[Hook] 

[Verse 2] 
Girl shake that ass like a donkey with Parkinson's 
Make like Michael J. Fox is in your drawers 
Playing with an etch-a-sketch 
Bet you that you'll never guess who's knocking at your door 
People hit the floors, yeah tonight, night ladies! You gonna get divorced 
Girl, forget remorse, I'mma hit you broads with Chris' force 
Like you pissed him off 
Talented with the tongue motherfucker 
You ain't got a lick in yours 
Hitting licks like I'm robbing liquor stores 
Making cash registers shit their drawers 
Think you spit the rawest? 
I'm an uncooked slab of beef laying on your kitchen floor 
In other words I'm off the meat rack, bring the beat back 
Bring in two extension cords 
I'mma measure my dick, shit I need 6 inches more, fuck my dick's big 
Bitch need I remind you 
That I don't need the fucking swine flu to be a sick pig? 
You're addicted I'm dope 
I'm the longest needle around here. Need a fix ah? 
I'm the big shot, get it, dick-snots? 
You're just small pokes, little pricks 
Girl you think that other prick's hot 
I'll drink gasoline and eat a lit match 
Before I sit back and let him get hotter 
Better call the cops on him quick, fast 
Shady's right back on your bitch-ass 
White trash with a half a 6-pack in his hatchback 
Trailer hitch attached to the back. Dispatch 

[Hook] 

[Verse 3] 
Bitch am I the reason that you're boyfriend stopped rapping? 
Does a bird chirp? 
Does Lil' Wayne slurp syrup until he burps and smoke purp? 
Does a word search get circled? 
Wrapped around it like you're doing, I come through it 
Like it to remind yourself 
Of what the fuck I can do when I'm on the mic 
Oh, you're the kind of girl that I could take a liking to 
Psych! I'm spiking you like a football 
Been this way since I stood a foot tall 
You're a good catch with a shitty spouse 
Got a pretty mouth and a good jaw 
Give me good brain, watch the wood-grain 
Don't want no cum stain..bitch, you listening? 
Trying to turn me down, slut I'm talking to you 
Turn me back up, are you insane? 
Trying to talk over me in the car 
Shut the fuck up while my shit's playing 
I'm a shit stain on the underwear of life 
What's the saying? Where there's thunder there's lightning 
And they say that it never strikes twice 
In the same place so how the fuck have I 
Been hit 6 times in 3 different locations on 4 separate occasions 
And you can bet your stanking ass that I've come to smash 
Everything in my path. Fork was in the road 
Took the psycho path. Poison Ivy wouldn't have me thinking rash 
So hit the dancefloor cutie while I do my duty on this microphone 
Shake your booty, shorty 
I'm the shit: why you think Proof used to call me Doodie?