People! . . . .
It feels so good to be back!
Ladies and gentleman
Introducing the new and
Improved you know who

Never been the type to bend or budge
The wrong button to push, no friend of Bush
I'm the centerpiece, you're a maltese, i'm a pitbull off his leash
All this peace-talk can cease
All these people i had to leave in limbo
I'm back now I've come to release this info
I'll be brief and let me just keep shit simple
Cannabitch, don't want no beef with slim, NOO!
Not even on my radar
So won't you please jump off my dick, lay off and stay off
and follow me as i put these crayons to chaos
from seance to seance. aw-a--aw-ch-a-aw'

Chorus (2x)
So come on now
Lets all get on now
Doh si doh now
We gon' have a good ol' time
Dont be scerrrd (scared), 
cuz therrr (there) ain't nuttin' to werrr (worry) 'bout
Let your hair down
Square dance with me!

Let your hair down to the track, Yeh, kick on back(BOO!)
The boogie-monster of rap, yeh, the man's back!
With a plan to ambush this Bush administration
Mush the senates face in and push this generation
Of kids to stand and fight for the right to say somethin'
You might not like This white hot light 
that im under no wonder i look so sunburnt,
Oh no, i won't leave no stone unturned
Oh no, i won't leave won't go nowhere
Doh-si-doh oh! yo! ho! hello there!
Oh yeh! don't think i won't go there
Go to Beirut and do a show there
Yeh you laugh 'til your motherfuckin' ass gets drafted
When you're at band camp thinkin' the crap cant happen
'Til you fuck around, get an anthrax napkin
Inside a package wrapped in saran wrap wrappin'
Open the plastic, and then you stand back gaspin'
Fuckin' assassins hijackin' amtracks crashin'
All this terror, America demands action
Next thing you know, you've got uncle sam's ass askin'
To join the army, or what you'll do for their navy
You just a baby gettin' recruited at 18
You're on a plane now eatin' their food and their baked beans
I'm 28, they gon' take you 'fore they take me
Crazy insane or insane crazy?
When I say Hussein, you say Shady!
My views ain't changed still inhumane, wait,
Arraigned two days late, the date's today, hang me!

Chorus (2x)
So come on now
Lets all get on now
Doh si doh now
We gon' have a good ol' time
Dont be scerrrd (scared), 
cuz therrr (there) ain't nuttin' to werrr (worry) 'bout
Let your hair down
Square dance with me!

Nothin' moves me more than a groove that soothes me
Nothin' soothes me more than a groove that boosts me
Nothin' boosts me more or suits me beautifully
There's nothin' you can do to me, stab me, shoot me
Physcotic hypnotic product I got the antibotic
Ain't nobody hotter and so on and yada yada
God I talk alot of cum-de-lay-la-la-la
Oochie walla um da dah da dah da but you gotta gotta
Keep movin' there's more music to make
Keep makin' new shit, produce hits to break
The monotony whats gotten into me?
Drugs, rock and hennesey, thug like I'm 'Pac on my enemies
On your knees, got you under siege
Somebody you would give a lung to be
Hun-ga-ry like a fucking younger me
Fuck the fee, I can get you jumped for free
yah buddy, laugh it's funny I have the money 
to have you killed by somebody who has nothing
I pass bluffing, pass the K-Y 
Lets get ready for some intense serious ass fucking 

Chorus (2x)
So come on now
Lets all get on
Doh si doh now
We gon' have a good ol' time
Dont be scerrrd (scared), 
cuz therrr (there) ain't nuttin' to werrr (worry) 'bout
Let your hair down
Square dance with me!

Dr. Dre wants to square dance with me
Nasty Nas wants to square dance with me
X to the Z wants to square dance with me
Busta Rhymes wants to square dance with me
Cana-bitch won't square dance with me
Fan-a-bitch won't square dance with me
Canada-Bis dont want no parts o' me
Dirty Dozen wants to square dance with you
Yeeeeha!