[Intro: Eminem]
Guess who?
You missed me?
Jessica Simpson... sing the chorus!

[Chorus: Female sings (Eminem)]
When you walked through the door, (whoo!)
It was clear to me. (cleeaaaar to me...)
You're the one they adore,
Who they came to see. (who they came to seeeee?)
You're a... rockstar (baby!)
Everybody wants you! (everybody wants yoouuuuu!)
Player! (Ooooh!) - Who can really blame you (who can really blame yoouuuuu?)
We're the ones who made you. (chi-kah!)

[Eminem:]
KHM! - Back by popular demand
Now pop a little zantac for antacid if you can.
You're ready to tackle any task that is at hand
How does it feel? - Is it fantastic? Is it grand?
Well look at all the massive masses in the stands,
Shady, man knows don't massacre the fans!
Damn, I think Kim Kardashian's a man!
She stomped him! - Just because he asked to put his hands.
On her massive - glutius maximus again
Sqeeze it in, squish it in, pass it to her friend!
Can he come back as nasty as he can?
Yes, he can, can! Don't ask me this again!
He does not mean to lesbian offend,
But Lindsay! - Please come back to seeing men!
Samantha's a two, you're practically a ten,
I know you want me, girl, in fact, I can see a grin. - Now come in girl!

[Chorus]

[Eminem:]
The enforcer - looking for more women to torture
Walk up to the cutest girl and - Charlie Horse her!
Sorry Porche, but what's any digenerous
Have that eye go - are you telling me 10 minutes?
Well I can be as gentle and as smooth as a gentleman
Give my venom and inhaler and two Xenadrine.
And I'll invite Sarah Palin out to dinner then
Nale her: - "Baby, say hello to my little friend! "
Ric, ric it, K-Fed let's cut off the middle man
Forget him or your gona end up in hospital again.
And this time it won't be for the riddilin' binge,
Forget them other men, girl pay the little attention!
A little bit did I mention, that Jennifer's in
Love with me John Mayer, so sit on the bench.
Man I swear the other guys you give 'em an inch
They take a mile. They got style but in there they flinch!

[Chorus]

[Bridge 1: Eminem]
And that's why - my love! - You'll never - live without...
I know you want me girl cause I can see you checkin' me out.
And baby - you know! - You know you want me too...
Don't try to deny it baby I'm the only one - for you! [fart]

[Eminem:]
Damn girl I'm beginning to sprout an Alfalfa
What should I wash my filthy mouth out,
You think that's bad you should hear the rest of my album
Never has there been so Vannesa Nalstalga.
Man, Cas I don't mean to mess up your gal but.
Jessica Alba! - Put a dress on my mouth but,
Wowzas! - I just made a mess of my trousers,
And they wonder why I keep dressing like Elvis.
Lord help us! He's back in his pink Alf shirt,
Looking like someone shrinked his outfit.
I think hes about to flip Jessica,
Rest assure, Superman's her to rescue ya!
Can you blame me? - You're my Amy! - I'm your blake
Matter fact make me a birthday cake.
With a saw blade in it to make my jail break,
Baby, I think you just met your soul mate! - Now break it down girl!

[Chorus]

[Bridge 2: Eminem]
(So baby!) Baby, get down, down, down!
(Baby!) Get down, down, down!
(Baby!) Get down, down, down!
(Baby!) Baby get down, get dooooown! [x2]

[Outro:]
Oooooooh, Amy!
Rehab never looked so good...
I can't wait...
I'm goin' back!
Hahaaa!
Whoo!
Dr. Dre... 2020!
Yeeah! [beat fades out]