[Eminem]
I'm gonna get my gun!

[Eminem:] This motherfucker wants to disrespect me?
[Kon Artis:] Em, Em, what the fuck you doing man?
[Eminem:] I got something for his ass.
[Kon Artis:] Calm Down
[Eminem:] No YOU Calm Down!
[Kon Artis:] Man. . what's you're problem?
[Eminem:] Fuck that! The motherfucker want's to pop shit to me!?
[Kon Artis:] Man, he wasn't poppin' shit.
[Eminem:] You heard him he was poppin' them shit
[Kon Artis:] What shit?
[Eminem:] That shit! You heard him!
[Kon Artis:] He asked for your autograph!

[Swifty McVay]
A mass murderer pack burners to blast further then you can get
My shit be shooting threw bricks
I mix anything togetha, I done guillotine a nigger Keep it heated, I pop clips with 17 or betta
I'll be severin' heads, i'm in everyones nightmare
A nigger that can never ever be scared of the feds
And the niggers that'll fuck with you
Stab and brass knuckle you
Then have you in the public, theres nothing that you can do
Enough with you're motherfucking tough talk, you're soft
Get you're balls blew off, from a sawdof , Fa' raw dawg?
Crazier then all yall , what you like the navy when i'm angry
You'll never catch me hanging in a lops car
All I have is thought of, breathing evil
Desert Eagle's will eat threw people 
When I see you i'mma heat you're beef slow
Fuck being peaceful, the piece in the vehicle and. .

[Chorus]
[Eminem]
I'M GONNA GET MY GUN!
This motherfucker's poppin' that shit 
Nah fuck that i'll be right back
I'M GONNA GET MY GUN!
Nah motherfucker fuck you
You ain't disrespecting me like that
I'M GONNA GET MY GUN!
Walk to the room, sixteen shot clip
Bitch how you like that?
I'M GONNA GET MY GUN!
Bet you ain't know that I'm strapped
Nice one, bitch this is my gat
I'M GONNA GET MY GUN!

[Kuniva]
I bring it to niggers looking as if they want trouble
I send they body flippin' around like a stunt double
Forget about the fighting, scrapping, squabing, buckin'
I'll squeeze the piece you jumping, dodging, duckin'
Squat under trucks and screaming that nigge's bluffin'
I cuff my nuts while cussing don't trust him
I round up Runyan, Dave, Wood and Nico
My Nigga Big I and Mal' lettin' the heat blow
Heat sleep hoes got in you're neepo
'Cuz you keep shooting at me and missing like Shaq's free-throws
You gotta hit a little closer if you wanna try
Pistol whip a soldier, with a missle on his shoulders
You can fold or blow ya' brick house into some tiny boulders
A grimey older cab will leave you with a tiny odor
I'm doggish, you feeling frogish, you leap bitch
My car is right across the street bitch and . . (I'M GONNA GET MY GUN!)

[Proof]
My whole outfit count clips
Get you're house lit the fuck up
You're spouse shit, and you're mouse clip
Betta' watch miscountliss, slugs imma send
Watch you hollow when the hollow tips go threw you're skin
I'm in love with the sin, tell Bugz i'mma see him
When I cock back might put the door on you're friends
Make a run, gotta him, bust a slug on his chin
Ain't going no were like the drugs outta Kim
I'm a psycho icon, a mightful might bomb
Get a eye full of lid when I slight you're lights out
With a street cleaner, whipe you're life out
Bullets know at you're ears, like a Tyson fight bout
Fuck the night clout, guns, clips...(I'M GONNA GET MY...)
Fuck that run bitch! 
Hit the streets talks, chumps don't know me
Aint no probably be home lonely

[Chorus fades to background music]
[Eminem]
Dumbass motherfuckers allways gotta come to me with some dumb shit!
. . .Fucking. . . I told this motherfucker. .
Wassup bitch!? Autograph this!. . .oh shit
(I'M GONNA GET MY GUN!)

I'm trying to pull the trigger but its stuck!...FUCK!
My shit is all jammed up!...UGH!
C'mon you cock-sucking, good-for-nothing, mother-fucking piece of shit, shoot...AH!
Yeah!, wattup bitch!? say that shit again!
Shot the bullet missed, hit a brick, bounced of it, ricocheted back in his shin
Went threw his bitch on his way back, hit his friend
Payback homie, don't play that shit is spin
To be on I told you to leave this shit alone
Or...(I'M GONNA GET MY GUN)
And it's a shame i'm to drunk to even aim
Denaun stept in the way and I shot him in his leg
Its like . . .

[Kon Artis]
Bang, Bang, Bang, *****, Pow, Pow, Pow
Everybody busting rounds like they Ra',Ra',Ra
But when you seee me in the street I be like wassup now?
They bodyguard be stepping in trying to calm shit down (Chill out man)
Fuck that I got a bone to pick
You said it then have settle like some grown man shit
Then me and you could talk about our problems couldn't we?
Shoot a fair one and handled this situation seriously
I guess not, you wanna' resort to the heater
So I gotta grab my Mac and my Uzi and my Nina
Step in between us and get shot
But get seperated with the squeaza
You aint ready for war, Runyan ain't nothing to play with!

[Chorus]

[Bizarre]
Walk to Rite-Aid for a can of spaghetti
Its been one hour and bitch my photo's aint ready
Picture's of my dog and my family reunion
It's been two hours and my fucking days ruined
Hey Kate do you wanna get raped?
Have my pictures on fucking Philips thirty eight
That's why I don't be fucking battle rapping
'Cuz everytime I loose, this is what the fuck happens (Gun shots)
Back to these pictures I was trying to get developed
This man tried to get in front of me, I wouldn't let him
I'm ready to blow this bitches brains out
I'm nervous, I farted, some shit came out
Times up, shot her with a gun
Got on my cell phone and called Rev. Run
And all this crazy shit I, regret it. . .
All because I wanted to see Elton John naked