[Chorus:]
Put it on my wee wee!
Banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange! [x4]

[Verse 1:]
Got a dick, it's as big as a banana
I try to control it, but I can't.
It's too tough, it's like an AK flip banana.
You better watch out, Hannah Montana!
Man, what's the matter? Have you no manners? (no!)
You know the girl from Juno's address?
Yeah, I'm a prob'ly go to jail for that.
Now I got the cops on my tail for that!
Run up on your car with a stale banana
In your tail pipe, can't believe you fell for that.
It coulda been a Molotov Cocktail for that.
Wait a minute, man! What the hell was that?
I heard a noise, where you goin'? What are you, bananas?!
You can't go back there, stupid ass!
I just seen a woman in a Freddy Krueger mask.
Who the fuck are you, Superman?
All you have is a little stupid can
Of whipped cream what the hell you gonna do with that?
I'm a put it on my wee wee. Ooh, good answer!
A super bonanza extravaganza.
Man, go ahead, what you waitin' for?
You better get them clothes off, baby boy.
Come on! Let's go! We're gonna make a porn!
Ready, set, go! Hit play, record!

[Chorus]

[Verse 2:]
Are you ready? - You better hold the camera steady.
She's pro'ly back there with a damn machete!
She's pro'ly gonna eat you like canned spaghetti
She's pro'ly gonna kill ya; still wanna check, see?
Have a little quick look? - Go on?
She's pro'ly six foot tall like bigfoot, the hell with that?
We probably should run, don't dare look back!
We probably, probably, probably
There probably was a problem at the post office or something
But you probably didn't know that, did ya?
Now what ya gonna do when she gets ya?
I ain't goin' with ya, forget ya!
Quit tryna hold my hand, mista'!
Pretend she's your little sista'! - Little sista'! [?]
Might as well take the whipped cream with ya
And when you see her, make sure you get a picture!
We could try to make another "Blair Witch-a - movie"
A beastiality porno with smoothies.

[Chorus]

[Verse 3:]
It's Eerie, but here comes Zack and Miri
The "Beauty And The Beast", his back is hairy.
But she don't care, they're attractive, very
Very sexually active, very.
No, Zack! Don't go back in there!
It's too late now, she's grabbin' hair!
He screams: "Bloody Mary!" - Grabs a mirror
But stop just ain't in her vocabular.
"Get off me, please! Get off me, stop!"
Ballin' back at a coffee shop.
They go non-stop. - She says: "Go!"
He says: "No! " - She says: "Oh!"
Back and forth, they scream and shout.
Yeah, boy; let them demons out!
It's the kinda nightmare you dream about
Uh-oh! Now the whipped cream is out.
I get sick thoughts. - Sick, sick, thoughts.
The things you could do with your lipstick gloss.
Put it on my dick 'til the tip looks orange.
Bitch, keep going! - Bitch, keep going!

[Chorus]

[Outro:]
Banana...
Banana...
Banana... [beat fades out]
Banana...
Banana...