Send "The Realest Niggaz (feat. Biggie and Eminem)" Ringtone to your Cell Intro]
I love niggas! I love niggas!
Cause niggas are me!
And I should only love that 'presents me
I love to see niggas go through changes 
I love to see niggas shoot through shit (Did it again)
And to all niggas that do it I love

[B.I.G.]
To all my Brooklyn (Niggas!)
To all my Uptown (You niggas understand?!)
To all my Bronx (It's war nigga)
To all my Queensbridge (I'll blow you away)

[Verse One: Notorious B.I.G.]
Back up chump, you know Biggie Smalls grips it quick
And kicks it quick, you know how black niggas get
With the hoods fatigues with the boots with trees
Smokin weed, flippin ki's, makin crazy G's
Hittin' buckshots at niggas that open spots
On the avenue, take my loot, and I'm baggin you
Pimpin hoes that drive Volvo's and Rodeos
Flash the Roll, make her wet, in her pantyhose
Damn, a nigga style is unorthodox
Grip the glock, when I walk down the crowded blocks
Just in case a nigga wanna act out
I just black out, and blow they motherfuckin back out
That's real

[Chorus: 50 Cent - repeat 2X]
We the realest nigga
50 Cent and B.I.G. my nigga
Don't try to act like you don't feel a nigga
Biggie yo nigga, 50 yo nigga
Squeeze the trigga' leave a nigga fa' sho!

[Verse Two: Notorious B.I.G.]
When we smoke spliffs, we pack four-fifths
Just in case dread wanna riff
He get a free lift to the cemetary, rough very
Not your ordinary, we watch you get buried
That's a real nigga for ya
Get mad do a quarter flip the script, and rip your lawyer
Spit at the D.A. cause fuck what she say
She don't give a fuck about your ass anyway
Up North found first stop Watertown
Of fist-skill, where the hand skills are real ill
You'll be a super Hoover doo-doo stain remover
Ha hahhh, yo Chief, pass the Buddha

[Chorus-x2]

[Verse Three: 50 Cent]

When I was young my M.O. was to go hand-to-hand 
And even my P.O should call me the gingerbread man
I catch a new case and tell her ass to catch me if you can
Dont let ya people feel you up wif octane im not playin
Get gased up to get blast up real B.I.G style watch the kid break it down
Thou shall not fuck with, 
nor see poppa 50cent ill break ya punk ass off proper
There's no place like home
New york new york I run this city 
and I dont dance around like Diddy
Nigga's is getty till they smacked and sprayed 
with the mack milli they dont want drama
Pussy nigga's get hard lip singing my lyrics like millie vanille 
with a hook dey feel me (gun cocks) HAHA! im on fire
Nigga's out in philly dey feel me dey bump my shit they been bootleggin to know who pump my shit

[Chorus-x2]

[Verse four: Eminem]
I got 50cent
I got G-Unit
Big Twizzy in dis bitch
With obie trice
So watch what you say
For you call our name
Cause you say one more thing
And it wont be niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiice
Here we go I shouldve known I bound to get pulled in some bullshit
Sooner or later you little haters were to jealous of us to love us
You hate it G-Unit made it and Obie coming Big Twizzy get sick to ya stomach (gun cocks)(gun fires)
The 50 percent of his 50cent the other 50 percent of it is who the color skin is
But even if you consider in taking our label down you better find our building before I fuck a plane into it
But I aint trying to get to intricate into it im just trying to give alil hit for you own benefit
Cause then it seem to get to the point where it escalates into some other shit then imma flip
Den imma get to stompin in my air-force ones wont even be able to tell if its two pairrs or one
Cause its going to feel like some many feet kicking you you think that like it just maybe from the 3 cent shoe
Dont know what it is or what it could be but I get a woody when these pussies try to push me
Thinking they goin put me in a position to pick on me yall tickle me pink I think I rather just have BIG sit on me
Hickery dickery dock tickety tock tickety alil bit of the diggedy dock diggedy between a lil bit of the jigga jig jig jigga wit a small pinch of biggie look im just the bomb diggedy
We are the realest label
Dont try to act like you dont feel out label
Cause we goin fuck around and kill your label
Obie, Twizzy, G-unit, 50, Shady records we da label fo sho
We are the realest label
Dont try to act like you dont feel out label
Cause we goin fuck around and steal your paper

Obie, Twizzy, G-unit, 50 we goin kill ya fuckin label fo sho
Shady in the place to be seen and I got what it takes to rock the mike right
Still watch what you say to me punk cause im off probation in less then six months
 Send "The Realest Niggaz (feat. Biggie and Eminem)" Ringtone to your Cell