Somebody need to do a song for L.A. Straight up. Go out to L.A.
New urges. California Love Part 2

To live and die in L.A.
Westside... westside... westside...

To live and die in LA, where everybody trying fatten their pockets
There's so much hustle for the cash so it's hard to knock it
Everybody got they own thing, currency chasing
Worldwide through the hard times, worrying faces
Shed tears as we bury brothers close to heart
What was a friend now a ghost in the dark 
Hard part about it brother got smoked by a fiend
Trying to floss on him blind to a broken man's dream
A hard lesson, court cases keep me guessing
Plea bargain ain't an option now, so I'm stressing
Cost me more to be free than a life in the pen
Makin money off of cuss words, writing again
Learn how to think ahead, so I fight with my pen
Late night down Sunset, liking the scene
What's the worst they could do to a player got me lost in hell
To live and die in L.A.
Oh bail, my angel sing

Chorus: Val Young
To live and die in LA, it's the place to be... To live and die in L.A.
You've got to be there to know it, what everybody wanna see
(Repeat 2X)

It's the City of Angels and constant danger
South Central L.A. can't get no stranger
Full of drama like a soap opera
On the curb watching the ghetto bird helicopters
I observe so many homies getting three strikes, tossed in jail
I swear the pen the right across from hell
I can't cry cause it's on now
I'm just a player on his own now
Living life thug style, so I can't smile
Writing to my love ones sending them pictures
Thinking Cali just sun and switches, hahaha
Better learn about the dress code, B's and C's
All them other suckers copycats, these is G's
I love Cali like I love woman
Cause every brother in L.A. got a little bit of thug in him
We might fight among each other, but I promise you this
We'll tear the roof off, get us pissed
To live and die in L.A.
(Let my angel sing)

Chorus

It wouldn't be L.A. without Mexicans
Black love brown pride and on the sets again
Pete Wilson trying to see us all broke over some madness
Out for everything they owe, remember K-DAY
Weekends, Crenshaw, MLK
Automatics rang free, guess we lost our way
Gang signs being shown, brother love your hood
But recognize that it's all good
So where's my G's at?
Brother's getting shermed out
Snoop Dogg in this double all permed out
M.O.B., Big Suge out the Low-Low, bounce and turn
Dogg Pound in the Lex, more amounts to earn
I got them Watts players with me, OFTB
They got some food let 'em cool left the rest for me
I got Neckbone, Tre, Head Ron, Punchy too
Big Rock got straight, but this one's for you
I hit the studio and drop a jewel, hoping it pay
I live my life watching time fly, to live and die in L.A.
(Let my angel sing)

Chorus

Outro: Makaveli

This go out for 92.3, and 106
All the radio stations that be bumpin 
Katruple quitraple platinum, hehe
All the fans that brought the albums
This go out to all the magazines that supported me
All the stores, the mom and pop spots
A&R 
LA, California Love part Two
Without gay Dre"