These ideas are, nightmares to white parents
Whose worst fear is a child with dyed hair, and who likes earrings
Like whatever they say has no bearing
It's so scary in a house that allows, no swearing

To see him walking around with his, headphones blaring
Alone in his own zone, cold and he don't care
He's a problem child, and what bothers him all comes out
When he talks about, his fuckin' dad walkin' out

'Cause he hates him so bad that he, blocks him out
But if he ever saw him again he'd probably knock him out
His thoughts are whacked, he's mad so he's talkin' back
Talkin' black, brainwashed from rock and rap

He sags his pants, do-rags and a stocking cap
His stepfather hit him so he, socked him back
And broke his nose, his house is a broken home
There's no control, he just let's his emotions go

(Chorus from Aerosmith's Dream On)
(Come on!) Sing with me, (Sing!) for the year (Sing it!)
For the laughter, sing for the tear (Come on!)
Sing it with me, if it's just for today
Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away

Entertainment is changin', intertwinin' with gangstas
In the land of the killers, a sinner's mind is a sanctum
Holy or unholy, only have one homie
Only this gun, lonely cause don't anyone know me

Yet everybody just feels like they can relate
I guess words are a motherfucker, they can be great
Or they can degrade, or even worse they can teach hate
It's like these kids hang on every single statement we make

Like they worship us, plus all the stores ship us platinum
Now how the fuck did this metamorphosis happen
From standin' on corners and porches just rappin'
To havin' a fortune, no more kissin' ass

But then these critics crucify you, journalists try to burn you
Fans turn on you, attorneys all want a turn at you
To get they hands on every dime you have
They want you to lose your mind every time you mad

So they can try to make you out to look like a loose cannon
Any dispute won't hesitate to produce handguns
That's why these prosecutors wanna convict me
Strictly just to get me, off of these streets quickly

But all they kids be listenin' to me religiously
So I'm signin' CDs while police fingerprint me
They're for the judge's daughter but his grudge is against me
If I'm such a fuckin' menace, this shit doesn't make sense B

It's all political, if my music is literal
And I'm a criminal how the fuck can I raise a little girl
I couldn't, I wouldn't be fit to
You're full of shit too, Guerrera, that was a fist that hit you

(Come on!) Sing with me, (Sing!) for the year (Sing that shit!)
For the laughter, sing for the tears (Sing with me!)
Sing it with me, if it's just for today
Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away

They say music can alter moods, and talk to you
Well can it load a gun up for you, and cock it too
Well if it can, then the next time you assault a dude
Just tell the judge it was my fault, and I'll get sued

See what these kids do is, hear about us totin' pistols
And they want to get one 'cause, they think the shit's cool
Not knowin' we really just protectin' ourselves, we entertainers
Of course the shit's affectin' our sales, you ignoramus

But music is reflection of self, we just explain it
And then we get our checks in the mail, it's fucked up ain't it
How we can come from practically nothing
To being able to have any fuckin' thing that we wanted

That's why we, sing for these kids, who don't have a thing
Except for a dream, and a fuckin' rap magazine
Who post pin-up pictures on their walls all day long
Idolize they favorite rappers and know all they songs

Or for anyone who's ever been through shit in they lives
Till they sit and they cry at night, wishin' they'd die
Till they throw on a rap record, and they sit and they vibe
We're nothin' to you, but we're the fuckin' shit in they eyes

That's why we, seize the moment try to freeze it and own it
Squeeze it and hold it, 'cause we consider these minutes golden
And maybe they'll admit it when we're gone just let our spirits live on
Through our lyrics that you hear in our songs, and we can

Sing with me, (Sing!) for the year (Sing it!)
For the laughter, sing for the tears (Come on!)
Sing it with me, if it's just for today
Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away

Sing with me, (Sing!) for the year (Sing it!)
For the laughter, sing for the tears (Come on!)
Sing it with me, if it's just for today
Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away