Two trailer park girls go round the outside, round the outside, round the outside.
Two trailer park girls go round the outside, round the outside, round the outside.

[Eminem]
Wooo!

[Female Voice]
"Ooooohhhhh!"

[Eminem]
Guess who's back, back again
Shady's back, tell a friend
Guess who's back, guess who's back,
guess who's back, guess who's back,
guess who's back, guess who's back,
guess who's back...


I've created a monsta, 'cause nobody wants to
See Marshall no more, they want Shady,
I'm chopped liver.
Well, if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya
A little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor
Some vodka that will jumpstart my heart quicka
Then a shock when I get shocked at the hospital
By the doctor when I'm not cooperating
When I'm rockin' the table while he's operating "Hey!"
You waited this long to stop debating
'Cause I'm back, I'm on the rag and ovulating
I know that you got a job Mrs. Cheney
But your husband's heart problem is complicating
So the FCC won't let me be,
Or let me be me so let me see
They tried to shut me down on MTV
But it feels so empty without me.
So come on dip, bum on your lips
Jump back
Jiggle a hip, and wiggle a bit,
And get ready 'cause this shits about to get heavy
I just settled all my lawsuits, "Fuck you Debbie!"

Chorus:
Now this looks like a job for me
So everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy,
'Cause it feels so empty without me
I said this looks like a job for me
So everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy,
'Cause it feels so empty without me


Little hellions, kids feelin' rebellious
Embarrassed, their parents still listen to Elvis
They start feelin' like prisoners, helpless,
'Till someone comes along on a mission and yells "BITCH!"
A visionary, vision a scary, could start a revolution,
Polluting' the air waves
A rebel,
So let me just revel and bask,
In the fact that I got everyone kissin' my ass
And it's a disaster, such a catastrophe
For you to see so damn much of my ass, you asked for me?
Well I'm back (Da Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na) fix your bent antenna
Tune it in and then I'm gonna enter
up and under your skin like a splinter
The center of attention back for the winter
I'm interesting, the best thing since wrestling
Infesting in your kids ears and nesting
"Testing: Attention Please!"
Feel the tension soon as someone mentions me
Here's my 10 cents, my 2 cents is free
A nuisance, who sent, you sent for me?

(Chorus)

Verse 3:
A tisk-it a task-it,
I go tit for tat with anybody who's talkin' this shit, that shit
Chris Kirkpatrick, you can get your ass kicked
Worse than them little Limp Bizkit bastards,
And Moby?, you can get stoned by Obie,
You 36 year-old bald-headed fag blow me
You don't know me, you're too old
Let go, it's over, nobody listens to techno
Now let's go, just give me the signal
I'll be there with a whole list full of new insults
I been dope, suspenseful with a pencil
Ever since Prince turned himself into a symbol (knife scrapes)
But sometimes the shit just seems,
Everybody only wants to discuss me
So this must mean I'm disgusting,
But it's just me I'm Discussing
Though I'm not the first king of controversy
I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley,
To do Black music so selfishly
And use it to get myself wealthy! (Hey!)
There's a concept that works
20 million other white rappers emerge
But no matta how many fish in the sea
It'll be so empty without me

(Chorus)

(Sung twice:)
qa-ma-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la-la
qa-La-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la

"Kids!"