(My Mom)

[Intro:]
Yeah...
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

Yo Yo
Alright, I'm a lay the chorus first

Here we gooo now

[Chorus:]
My mom love valium and lots of drugs
That's why I am like I am because I'm like her

Because My mom love valium and lots of drugs
That's why I'm on what I'm on cause I'm My Mom!

[Verse 1:]
My mom, my mom,
I know your probably tired of hearing 'bout my mom, Oooh whooa
But this is just a story of when I was just a shorty
And how I become hooked on vah-a-l-ium
Valium was in everything, food that I ate
The water that I drank, fuckin peas in my plate
She sprinkled just enough of it just to season my steak
So everyday I'd have at least three stomach aches
Now tell me, what kind of mother would want to see her
Son to grow up to be an under-afuckin-chiever
My teacher didn't think I was gunna be nothin either
"What the fuck you stickin gum up under the fuckin seat for? "
"Mrs. Mathers your son has been huffin ether, "
"Either that or the motherfuckers been puffin' reefer"
But all this huffin and puffin wasn't what it was either, it was neither
I was buzzin but it wasn't what she thought
Pee in teacup? Bitch you ain't my keeper I'm sleepin
What the fuck you keep on fuckin' with me for
Slut you need to leave me the fuck alone, I ain't playin
Go find you a white crayon and color a fuckin' zebra!

[Chorus:]
My mom love valium and lots of drugs
That's why I am like I am cause I'm like her

Because My mom love valium and lots of drugs
That's why I'm on what I'm on cause I'm My Mom!

[Verse 2:]
Wait a minute... This ain't dinner, this is paint thinner
"You ate it yesterday, I ain't hear no complaints did I?
Now heres a plate full of pain killers, now just wait till I crush the valium
And put it in your potatoes, you little motherfucker,
I'll make you sit there and make that retarded fuckin face Without even tastin it.
You better lick fuckin' plate you ain't wastin' it, put your face in it
For I throw you in the basement again, and I ain't givin' in
Your gunna just sit there in one fuckin place spi?
Till next Thanksgiving and if you still ain't finished
Then I'll use the same shit again, then When I make spinach dip
It'll placed in the shit.
You little shit Wanna sit there and play innocent
A rack filler hit me in K-Mart and they witnessed it
Child support? Your father he ain't sent the shit
And so what if he did? It's none of your dang business kid"

[Bridge 1:]
My mom, there's no one else quite like my mom
I know I should let bigons be bigons
But shes the reason why I am high what I'm high on

[Chorus:]
My mom love valium and lots of drugs
That's why I am like I am cause I'm like her

Because My mom love valium and lots of drugs
That's why I'm on what I'm on cause I'm My Mom!

[Bridge 2:]
My mom love valium now while I am
There's a party animal, I am what I am
But I'm strong to the finish with me valium spinach
But my buzz only last about two minutes
But I don't wanna swallow it without chewin' it
I can't even write a rhyme without doin' it
My valium, My valiiiuuuuum

[Verse 3:]
Man I never thought I could never be a drug addict
Nah fuck that, I can't have it happen to me
But that actually what has ended up happenin'
A tradegy, of fuckin passin it up, catchin' me
And it's probably where I got aquanted with the taste, Ain't it
Pharmaceuticals are the bomb mom, beautiful
She killed a fuckin dog with the medicine she done fed it
Feed a fuckin asprin and say that it has a headache
"Here want a snack, you hungry you fuckin brat? "
"Look at that, it's a xanax, take it and take a nap! EAT IT! "
But I DON'T NEED IT!
"WELL FUCK IT, then break it up! "
"Take a little piece then beat it, before you wake Nathan up! "
Alright ma, you win, I don't feel like arguin'
I'll do it, pop it gobble it, and start wobblin'
Stumble, hoble, tumble, slip, tripped and I fall in bed
With a bottle of Meds, and a Heath Ledger bobblehead