[ad libs for first 8 seconds]

[Proof]
Aiyyo, she a freak and I love the way she move to the beat
Ass and titties bouncin, she ain't movin her feet
Put 20 in her bra, stiff dick had many in her jaw
Probably hit plenty in the raw (nasty bitch)
I wanna see this bitch naked on my livin room flo'
And yo bitch, I ain't givin up no dough, fo'sho'
You can be my best friend but Em might get mad
Don't call me Daddy bitch, I fuck better than your dad
Let me get up in that ass like I'm ridin horseback
Fuck a sponge, I need a tool to clean my ball sack
I pop my collar, don't pop your bra strap
If you hang up the phone then bitch don't call back
18's on ice, you ain't seen that befo'
Actin like you ain't seen my bling through the do' (bling)
I move to a ho, just for one reason
Cause bitches need 9-1-1 for no reason

[Chorus: Proof + (Eminem)]
(I'm somethin like a pimp)
A diamond{?} trick, but you ain't seein no chips, young ho
(I said I'm somethin like a pimp)
Can't go on trips, so you could suck my dick, yes bitch
(I'm somethin like a pimp)
You could swallow or spit, and make me rich, oh girl
(I'm somethin like a pimp)
Get that money witcha switch, I walk with a limp, big P
(Said I'm somethin like a pimp)

[Kuniva]
I never treat 'em like they wanna be treated, bitch beat it
Your purpose'll be defeated if you think that you're needed
Now what do you tell a chick who has two black eyes?
You ain't gotta tell her nothin, you just told her twice
And I don't wanna put my hands on ya, I got a plan for ya
Get with my mans, he gon' lay a couple grand on ya
So fresh and so clean, she know the routine
It's such a - wonderful thing, money flow like ravines
They say "Kuniva, get a clothin line" but I'ma chill
Cause when cotton ain't sellin pussy always will
And these women they be knowin the deal
That's why these niggaz be blowin a mil' just to keep a ho in they grill
And I ain't never been a pimp, I'm somethin like one though
I fuck 'em and leave 'em, you always love or like that ho
Cashin 'em out, they never get ahold of my chains
They only get that swollen up thang, I'm showin 'em game

[Swifty McVay]
Hah, you was a sucka when you met her, she dogged you cause you let her
See I tell a bitch quick, if you knew better you'd do better (bitch)
They realizin I ain't havin that shit
Don't be surprised, I'm hypnotizin every tramp that she with
I send 'em out like Vanity 6 and I mean that
I'm doggin they ass, I'm in joggin pants and a V-neck (hah!)
I put my foot up in her ass so fast
that she'll forget how to spell "cash," she hoe'in with a cast on
And I'm knowin just what happened that day
He didn't pay cause you let him take you to a matinee (I saw you)
You get slapped that way, you can't dodge the drama
I'm pimpin aunts and mamas, I collect from massage parlors (want my change)
Menage-a-trois is really second nature
I have 88 bitches straight takin it to the face {AHH!}
And uh, I can give a fuck about a relation
Either open your legs, or get the play, stupid bitch

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
Hey, you know I gotta say somethin on this track.

Well I'm not a pimp or a player, see I'm more like the mayor
Grab a bitch up by her hair like I just don't care
and swing her in the air (AHH!) I'm talkin major ass kick
Toss a bitch out the house like Kwame Kirkpatrick
I'm a PIMP, so I give a fuck about a BITCH
But I don't make 'em trick, I'm RICH (whoo!)
I don't need the chips, they don't walk the strip
But I could spit some game and I could talk some shit
I'm somethin like a pimp, similar to a mack
I ain't makin the news, I make my baby mama pick up the slack
Drop Cadillac, truck {*phone rings*} fuck, I gotta go
That's my bottom ho pagin me back - I'm a pimp

[Bizarre]
It's 7 o'clock, bitch you ain't got my money?
I'ma beat yo' ass {*girl giggles*} you think it's funny?
Bitch get on the block in some dirty tube socks
and get shot by a cop in some Reeboks (yeah!)
Bitch I'm the man, you know I'm the man
Keep suckin dick, 'til you get a hundred grand
Bitch you insane if you think I'm your mayn
Here's 2 G's, go fuck LeBron James

[Chorus - minus first line]

[Outro: Proof]
Hah, been gettin this money off these bitches
Heard me? That's what I do, you know me
Check me out anywhere, anybody tell you about Proof
Got that, a.k.a. The Young Legend
The Human Fly, y'knowmsayin?
Aiyyo, I got bitches in Michigan on Michigan
Yo' bitch is on Woodward nigga, next to them faggot ass niggaz
I got bad bitches cause you gon', you think it's a cop
Yeah, that ain't cop that's my bitches
I got the top notch bitches, y'knowmsayin?
I'm more than a pimp, I'm somethin like a pimp
Cause I'm a Thundercat at the same time, Wonder Rat{?} baby
Big pimpin, you heard me? P.I.M.P
Proof Is My Poppa, let's keep it goin
Proof Is My Poppa, P.I.M.P
Y'knowmsayin let's go, c'mon y'all let's go..

[Traci Nelson]
Ooh, hey.. ooh, hey.. ooh, hey..
Ooh, hey.. ooh, hey.. [fades out]