[Lickety Split]
This guy's a choke artist
Ya catch a bad one
Your better off shootin yourself
With Papa doc´s handgun
Climbin up this mountain your weak
Ill leave you lost without a paddle
Floatin shits creek

You ain't Detroit, Im the D
Your the new kid on the block
Bout to get smacked back to the boonedocks
Fuckin Nazi, this crowd ain't your type
Take some real advice and form a group with Vanilla Ice
And what I tell you, you better use it
This guy's a hillbilly, this ain't Willie Nelson music

Trailor trash, Ill choke you to your last breath
And have you lookin foolish 
Like Cheddar Bob when he shot himself
Silly Rabbit, I know why they call you that
Cause you follow Future like you got carrots up his asscrack
And when you actin up thats when you got jacked up
And left stupid like Tina Turner when she got smacked up

Ill crack your shoulder blade
Youll get dropped so hard 
Elvis will start turnin in his grave
I dont know why they let you out in the dark
You need to take your white ass back across 8 mile
To the trailor park

[Rabbit]
This guy raps like his parents jerkin
He sounds like Erick Sermon, the generic version
This whole crowd looks suspicious
Its all dudes in here, except for these bitches
So Im a German, Eh
Thats ok, you look like a fuckin worm with braids
These Leaders of the Free World rookies
Lookie, how can 6 dicks be pussies 

Talkin bout shits creek
Bitch, you could be up piss creek 
With paddles this deep
Your still gonna sink
Your a disgrace
Yeah, they call me Rabbit
This is a turtle race

He can't get with me spittin this shit
Wickedly lickety shot
Spick spickety split lickety
So Im gonna turn around with a great smile
And walk my white ass back across 8 mile 

[Lotto]
Yo, it's time to get rid of this coward once and for all.
I'm sick of the motha fucka! Check this shit out!

I'll spit a racial slur, honky, sue me!
This shit is a horror flick,
but the black guy doesn't die in this movie!
You mess wit Lotto, dawg, you gotta be kiddin!
That makes me believe you really dont have a interest in livin!

[Rabbit]
Now everybody from the 313,
put your mother-fuckin hands up and follow me,
everybody from the 313 put your mother-fuckin hands up.
Look, look,

Now while he stands tough,
notice that this man did not have his hands up.
The Free World got you gassed up
but whos afraid of the big bad woof?

1, 2, 3 and to the 4
1pop, 2pop, 3pop, 4,
4pop, 3pop, 2pop, 1,
You're popped, he's popped, you're popped, none.

This guy aint a mother-fuckin MC,
I know everything he's got to say against me,
I am white, I am a fuckin bum, I do live in a trailer with my mom,
My boy future is an uncle tom.

I do got a dumb friend named Cheddar Bob who shoots
himself in the leg with his own gun,
I did get jumped by all 6 of you chumps
and Wink did fuck my girl,
I'm still standin here screamin "FUCK THE FREE WORLD!"
And never try and judge me dude
You don't know what the fuck i've been through.

But I know something about you,
You went to Cranbrook, thats a private school,
Whats the matter dawg you embarrased?
This guys a gangster?
His real name's Clearance.

And Clearance lives at home with both parents,
And Clearance's parents have a real good marriage,
this guy dont wanna battle, hes shook,
cuz ain't no such things as halfway crooks,
He's scared to death,
He's scared to look in his fuckin yearbook, fuck Cranbrook.

Fuck the beat I go accapella,
fuck a papa doc, fuck a clock, fuck a trailer, fuck everybody,
fuck y'all if you doubt me,
I'm a piece of fuckin white trash i say it proudly,
and fuck this battle i dont wanna win im outtie,
here tell these people something they dont know about me.
You think these niggas gonna feel the shit you say?
I got a betta chance joining the KKK.
Or some real shit, though, I like you
That's why I didn't wanna have to be the one you commit sucide to
Fuck 'Lotto,' call me your leader
I feel bad I gotta murder that dude from "Leave It To Beaver"
I used to like that show, now you got me to "fight back" mode
But oh well, if you gotta go, then you gotta go!
I hate to do this, I would love for this shit to last 
So I'll take pictures of my rear end so you won't forget my ass
And all's well that ends well, ok?
So I'll end this shit wit a "FUCK you, and have a nice day 

[Rabbit]
Ward, I think you were a little hard on the Beaver 
So was Eddie Haskal, Wally, and Ms. Cleaver
This guy keeps screamin', he's paranoid!
Quick, someone get his ass another steriod!
"Blahbity bloo blah blah blah blahbity bloo blah!"
I didn't hear a word you said, "hipidy hoo blah!"
Is that a tank top, or a new bra? 
Look, Snoop Dogg just got a fuckin' boob job!
Didn't you listen to the last round, meathead? 
Pay attention, you're sayin the same shit that he said!
Matter fact, dawg, here's a pencil 
Go home, write some shit, make it suspenseful, 
And don't come back until something dope hits you
Fuck it! You can take the mic home wit you!
Lookin' like a cyclone hit you, 
Tank top screamin', "Lotto, I don't fit you!"
You see how far those white jokes get you
Boy's like "How Vanilla Ice gon' diss you?"
My motto: Fuck Lotto! 
I get the 7 digits from your motha for a dolla tomorrow!