[Intro:]
Oh my goodness! What have I done?
Oh no! I can't believe it
It's like I've got the whole world in my palm
And I'm ready to drop it

[Verse 1:]
Welcome to the slim shady Mecca Rebeca
It's the village in New York right next to the Tribeca
It's my sector homosexual dissector
Come again, rewind selector
I said nice rectum I had a visectomy Hector
So you can't get pregnant if I bisexually wreck ya
Hannibal Lecter into guy sex and I bet ya
I tantalize ya in and less than 5 seconds I get ya
They say once bitten and twice shy
Well I'm next to the guy with 9 extacy pills and 5 extra
Boxes of ripped condoms and quantities why yessir
I took the rest of the lunesta pills from my dresser
It's my kind of vibe, what else should I try Lester?
Drop kick the bitch before her second trimester
Perform a home abortion with Dexter then I guess I
Dig the fetus out with the wire hanging and digest her

[Chorus:]
I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Let's begin, now hand me the pen
How should I begin it and where does it all end?
The world is just my medicine ball, you're all in (I said)
I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Let's begin, now hand me the pen
How should I begin it and where does it all end?
My medicine ball, you're in my medicine ball friends

[Verse 2:]
All my westside bitches throw it up
Put a balloon inside your pussy, queef, and blow it up
Man I think that he just fell up the teat and shown enough
So you better change the station and keep them throwin up
Man you seen it all before, you are too familiar with it
There's a penis on floor and two balls, so you know who did it?
You know you with it girl, don't front, oh no you didn't
I won't rape all The Pussy Cat Dolls' and then call you Kitten
Now I'll pee on Rhianna, see man I do what I wanna
Spray perfume in her sauna room, Krazy Gluing Madonna
To the Lay-Z-Boy sofa, fold her in two, then sit on her
Imagine the visual for that man, who would've thought I
Could ever be such a relentless prick
Unleashin his vengance for the chick
So old she looks like she outlived her life sentence
I never ment this rhyme to be so offensive
If you weren't so defensive it wouldn't be, you're so sensitive

[Chorus]

[Verse 3:]
Put Christopher Reeves on a unicycle with a kickstand
Kick it up and push him and lead him right into quicksand
Here you need a hand big man? grab hold of this branch
With both hands but they don't understand I'm just a sick man
Now everybody's pissed at me
Like it's my fault his name rhymes with so many different words geez
So one last time, Mr. Christopher Reeves
Won't you brake it down for me and just spit the verse please?

Eminem I'm coming to kill you (sniff)
I've always hated you and I still do
You'll never fill my shoes, my superman costume (sniff)
Doesn't even fit you, they don't feel you
You're taking this shit too far (sniff)
Who do you think you are? In my suit up in the armoire
Everyday I hate you more and more, throw down the carboard
Let's breakdance if you think you're hardcore

[Chorus]

The world is mine!