[Talking]
Lord please forgive for what I do
For I know not what I've done.

[Rapping]
Father please forgive me for I know not what I do,
I just never had the chance to ever meet You,
Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be,
My mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds...

Mama had a baby and its head popped off
(head popped off 5x)
But mama don?t want me the next thing I know I?m gettin dropped off
(getting dropped off 4x)

Ring, ring, ring on the doorbell of the next door neighbors on their front porch

(Their front porch) [Repeat: x4]

But they didn't want me neither so they left me on someone else's lawn

(Else's lawn) [Repeat: x3]

Til' someone finally took me in my great aunt and uncle Edna and Charles

(Edna and Charles) [Repeat: x3]

They were the ones who were left in charge
My elementary they'd gang up on me and sing this song

(sing this song) [Repeat: x4]

It went a little something like
Mary had a little lamb, little lamb, little lamb,
Debbie had a satan spawn satan spawn
Mama why do they keep saying this I just don't understand understand
And by the way where's my dad?!

[Chorus]
Father please forgive me for I know not what I do
I just never had the chance to ever meet You
Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be
My mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds...

Predominately, predominately, everythings always predominately
Predominately-white, predominately-black, well what about me?
Where does that leave me? Well I guess that I'm between predominately both of em'
I think if I hear that fuckin word again I'm a scream

While I'm projectile vomiting. What do I look like a Comedian to you?
Do you think that I?m kidding? What do I look like some kinda idiot?
Wait a minute shit, don?t answer that
Why am I so misunderstood? 

Why do I go through so much bullshit it?s such Bullshit it's tush mull bish
Woe is me, there goes poor Marshall again
Whining about his millions and his mansion and his sorrow he?s always drowning in
And the dad that he never had, and how his childhood was so bad

And how his mom was a dope addict and his ex-wife how they go at it man 
I'd hate to have it as bad as that Mr. Mathers
Claims he had it, I can't imagine it
That little rich poor white bastard needs to take some of that cash out of The bank 
And take a bath in it
Man if I only had half of it, shit if you only knew the half of it?

[Chorus]
Father please forgive me for I know not what I do
I just never had the chance to ever meet You
Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be
My mothers evil seed and do these evil deeds?

Evil deeds, while I plant these evil seeds
Please release me from these demons i never had any of this shit planned Mom please believe
I don't wanna be satans spawn, never got the chance to say I'm sorry
Now look at all the pain I caused

Dear Santa-Clause why are you not coming this year again
What did I do that was so bad to deserve this? 
Everything could have been So perfect but life ain't a fairy tale. 
I'm about to be hoisted up in the air
Forty feet below me there's people everywhere

I don't even know but who feel like they know me 'cause I'm in this Ferris wheel
And all I wanna do is go to the mall and take Hallie on the carousel 
Without this crowd everywhere I go but life is like a merry-go-round
Here we go now do-si-do now curtains up the show must go on now

Ring-around-the-rosie the show's over you can all go home now
But the curtain just don't close for me
This ain't how fame was supposed to be

Where's the switch I can just turn off-and-on this ain't what I chose to be
So please God give me the strength
To have what it takes to carry on
'Til I pass 50 back the baton, the camera's on, my soul is gone

[Chorus: x2]
Father please forgive me for I know not what I do
I just never had the chance to ever meet you
Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be
My mothers evil seed and do these evil deeds?

Oooh!

Last one baby
Lets Go
DETROIT!