from the previous track: "Aight, man, whatever..."

Dre, just let it run  
Hey yo turn the beat up a little bit
Hey yo... this song is for anyone... fuck it
Just shut up and listen
Hey yo..

I sit back with this pack of Zig Zags and this bag
Of this weed it gives me the shit needed to be
The most meanest MC on this ... on this earth
And since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse
And just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works
And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve
All this tension dispensin' these sentences gettin' this stress 
that's been eatin' me recently off of this chest
And I rest again peacefully (peacefully...)
But at least have the decency in you
To leave me alone, when you freaks see me out
In the streets when I'm eatin' or feedin' my daughter
To not come and speak to me (speak to me...) I don't know you 
And no, I don't owe you a mo-therfuck-in thing
I'm not Mr. N*Sync, I'm not what your friends think
I'm not Mr. Friendly, I can be a prick
If you tempt me my tank is on empty (is on empty...)
No patience is in me and if you offend me
I'm liftin' you 10 feet (10 feet...) in the air
I don't care who was there and who saw me destroy you
Go call you a lawyer, file you a lawsuit
I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe
I'm tired of arguin' (of arguin'...)
I don't mean to be mean, but that's all I can be, it's just me

And I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
Radio won't even play my jam
Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am

Sometimes I just feel like my father, I hate to be bothered
With all of this nonsense, it's constant
And, "Oh, it's his lyrical content -
That song 'Guilty Conscience' has gotten such rotten responses"
And all of this controversy circles me
And it seems like the media immediately
Points a finger at me (finger at me...)
So I point one back at 'em, but not the index or pinky
Or the ring or the thumb, it's the one you put up
When you don't give a fuck, when you won't just put up
With the bullshit they pull, cause they full of shit too
When a dude's gettin bullied and shoots up his school
And they blame it on Marilyn (on Marilyn...) and the heroin
Where were the parents at? And look where it's at
Middle America, now it's a tragedy
Now it's so sad to see, an upper class city
Havin this happenin (this happenin...)
Then attack Eminem cause I rap this way (rap this way...)
But I'm glad cause they feed me the fuel that I need for the fire
To burn and it's burnin and I have returned

And I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
Radio won't even play my jam
Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am

I'm so sick and tired of bein admired
That I wish, that I would just die or get fired
And dropped from my label and stop with the fables
I'm not gonna be able to top on 'My Name Is'
And pigeon-holed into some poppy sensation
To cop me rotation at rock'n'roll stations
And I just do not got the patience (got the patience...)
To deal with these cocky caucasians
who think, I'm some wigger who just tries to be black, cause I talk with an accent
And grab on my balls, so they always keep askin 
The same fuckin questions (fuckin questions...)
What school did I go to, what hood I grew up in
The why, the who, what, when, the where, and the how
'Til I'm grabbin my hair and I'm tearin it out (ahhh)
Cause they drivin me crazy (me crazy...) I can't take it
I'm racin, I'm pacin, I stand and I sit
And I'm thankful for every fan that I get
But I can't take a shit, in the bathroom without someone standin by it, 
No, I won't sign your autograph
You can call me an asshole, I'm glad

Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
Radio won't even play my jam
Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am