[Intro - Bizarre]
Yeah!!! 
Detroit mothafucka!!! 
DJ Green Lantern!!!
D12!!!
We ain't goin' nowhere!!!
We still smokin' crack nigga!!! 
Haha!!!
Let ‘em know!!!
AH-HA!!!

[Chorus - Eminem]
Bitch keep talkin' 
Keep on poppin' off with them jaws because, we ain't stoppin' 
We ain't got to prove shit to ya'll so all ya'll can lick the balls and keep walkin' 
Keep on poppin' that shit you poppin' 
Cuz we ain't stoppin' cuz you ain't stoppin' us 
We aint got to prove shit to ya'll so all ya'll can lick the balls and keep walkin' 
(Yo!) COME ON!!!

[Verse 1 - Kuniva]
Yo the derelict is back 
I'm blazin' niggas while they up in the Sheraton last 
I even sold my therapist crack 
You niggas is bitch straight up I'm bearin' the facts 
I love pussy wit all my heart but I married the gats 
And nigga I'm top pedigree so don't play wit me 
Ill blow your tattoos all over your baby seat 
Kids and all be hit 
Peers and all masuberg will take your back, liver ribs and all 
Kuniva the street talker, heat sparker the beef starter 
Packin' guns when I'm sleep walkin' 
(Bitch keep talkin'!!!) 
Throwin' fire bombs down your chimney 
While you eatin' at Wendy's 
I'm in your bushes cockin' the semi 
Nice wit the hands 
Never bow down to another man 
I was poppin' guns while you was still poppin' some rubber bands 
Smother your clan 
Sever your hands and your legs 
Mail your brother your heart and send your mother ya head!!! 

[Verse 2 - Swifty]
I'm the only one your bitch let touch her 
Type of brother that will fuck your mother 
With a fishnet rubber 
A belligerent and rowdy mothafucka 
That'll dump your body and still fly away to Maui on the teller
When it comes to beefin' 
It ain't no explainin' 
I'll change your language wit a stainless 
I'm contained wit a anguish to leave your famous 
I'm a deranged pit ya'll lift an AK to pinch ya face wit 
Niggas don't say shit fuck your hype man if its a bystander standin' by I'm firin' at ya, cuz I can 
You get squashed like pop cans 
I be shootin' 7-Up in your mouth man 
I'm about to sell your mama bud, and lace it 
So when she fire it up she coughin' blood 
I love to see ‘em wasted 
I'm made to behave in this case 
You try to be brave in this rage and your legs will be replaced!!! 

[Chorus - Eminem]
Bitch keep talkin' 
Keep on poppin' off with them jaws because, we ain't stoppin' 
We ain't got to prove shit to ya'll so all ya'll can lick the balls and keep walkin' 
Keep on poppin' that shit you poppin' 
Cuz we ain't stoppin' cuz you ain't stoppin' us 
We aint got to prove shit to ya'll so all ya'll can lick the balls and keep walkin' 
(BITCH!) COME ON!!!

[Verse 3 - Bizarre]
I ain't here to talk about Benzino or Ja Rule 
I'm here to talk about lil' Ray Ray and whatever do 
Psyche, I ain't gonna mention it 
He probably sue 
Next week this shit'll be out on DJ Clue (Exclusive!!!) 
The first time I had sex… a dirty mattress 
No condom… my grandmother… bent over backwards 
Bizarre been fuckin raw all summer 
Lets make a trade, my wife for your brother 
Psyche, I'm not bisexual 
I'm an intellectual, transsexual, one testicle (one ball) 
And I ain't sayin' shit cause it rhyme 
I got colon cancer, I'm dyin'!!! 

[Verse 4 - Proof]
YEY-YEY
Rest in peace Jam Master Jay 
Tupac 
And Notorious BIG 
I'm probably the best 
Guy in the flesh 
Blow ya heart out ya chest 
And ya chest out ya vest 
Leave ya body a mess streets bloody as hell 
Study my trail I cut and me fail 
A druggy on bail nutty as well 
Which such like buddy revel 
Dead or in jail 
Still headin' for hell 
The ghetto rebels the wrong guy 
Now get ya lungs heart you full of wholes like Spongebob 
We can set this from your front door to your CEO office 
Got the key to your coffin
To pee on you often
Great me wit offers we taken over
Or get China white mixed wit bakin' soda
Ya hear me!?!

[Outro - Eminem]
Fuckin' crack heads 
And this is just mix tape shit you fuckin morons 
This ain't brains over Braun 
This is bullies over fuckin pussies 
Ha-ha come on bitch!!!

[Chorus - Eminem]
Bitch keep talkin' 
Keep on poppin' off with them jaws because, we ain't stoppin' 
We ain't got to prove shit to ya'll so all ya'll can lick the balls and keep walkin' 
Keep on poppin' that shit you poppin' 
Cuz we ain't stoppin' cuz you ain't stoppin' us 
We aint got to prove shit to ya'll so all ya'll can lick the balls and keep walkin'!!!