Yeah.... it's my life.... in my own words i guess.... 

(Verse 1) 
Have you ever loved someone so much 
You'd give an arm for 
Not the expression 
No, literally give an arm for 
When they know they're your heart 
And you know you were their armor 
And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her 
But what happens when karma 
Turns right around to bite you 
And everything you stand for turns on you despite you 
What happens when you become the main source of her pain 
"Daddy look what i made" 
Dad's got to go catch a plane 
"Daddy where's mommy?" 
"I can't find mommy, where is she?" 
"I don't know, go play, Hailey baby, your Daddy's busy" 
"Daddy's writin' a song, the song ain't gon' write itself" 
"I'll give you one underdog, and you got to swing by yourself" 
Then turn right around in that song, and tell her you love her 
And put hands on her mother who's a splittin' image of her 
That's Slim Shady 
Yeah baby Slim Shady's crazy 
Shady made me 
But tonight, Shady's rock-a-bye-baby, huh... 

(Chorus) 
And when I'm gone, just carry on 
Don't mourn, rejoice 
Everytime you hear the sound of my voice 
Just know that, I'm lookin' down on you smilin' 
And i didn't feel a thang 
So baby don't feel no pain 
Just smile back 
And when I'm gone, just carry on 
Don't mourn, rejoice 
Everytime you hear the sound of my voice 
Just know that, I'm lookin' down on you smilin' 
And i didn't feel a thang 
So baby don't feel no pain 
Just smile back... 

(Verse 2) 
I keep havin' this dream 
I'm pushin' Hailey on the swings 
She keeps screamin' she don't want me to sing 
"You're makin' Mommy cry" 
"Why? Why is Mommy cryin'?" 
"Baby Daddy ain't leavin' no more" 
"Daddy you're lyin'" 
"You always say that, you always say this is the last time" 
"But you ain't leavin' no more, Daddy you're mine" 
She's pilin' boxes in front of the door 
Tryin' to block it 
"Daddy please, Daddy don't leave, Daddy, no stop it" 
Goes in her pocket, pulls out a tiny necklace locket 
Its got her picture 
"This'll keep you safe, Daddy take it with ya" 
I look up, it's just me standin' in the mirror 
These stinkin' walls must be talkin' 
Cause man I can hear 'em 
They're sayin' you got one more chance to do right 
And it's tonight 
Now go out there and show 'em that you love 'em 'fore it's too late 
And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door 
It turns to a stage 
They're gone, and the spotlight is on 
And I'm singin' 

(Chorus) 

(Verse 3) 
Sixty thousand people 
All jumpin' out their seat 
The curtain closes 
They throwin' roses at my feet 
I take a bow 
And thank you all for comin' out 
They're screamin' so loud 
I take one last look at the crowd 
I glanced down 
I don't believe what I'm seein' 
"Daddy it's me, help Mommy, her wrists are bleedin'" 
"But baby we're in Sweden" 
"How did you get to Sweden?" 
"I followed you Daddy, you told me that you weren't leavin'" 
"You lied to me Dad, and now you made Mommy sad" 
"And i bought you this coin, it says NUMBER ONE DAD" 
"That's all i wanted, i just want to give you this coin" 
"I get the point, fine, me and Mommy are goin'" 
"But baby wait..." 
"It's too late Dad, you made your choice" 
"Now go out there and show 'em that you love 'em more than us" 
"That's what they want, they want you Marshall they keep" 
"Screamin' your name, it's no wonder you can't go to sleep" 
"Just take another pill, yeah i bet you you will" 
"You rap about it" 
"Yeah, Word, K-K-Keep It Real" 
I hear applause, all this time I couldn't see 
How could it be, that the curtain is closin' on me? 
I turn around, find a gun on the ground 
Cock it, put it to my brain 
Scream "Die Shady" and pop it 
The sky darkens, my life flashes 
The plane that i was supposed to be on crashes 
And burns to ashes 
That's when i wake up 
Alarm clocks ringin' 
There's birds singin' 
It's spring and, Hailey's outside swingin' 
I walk right up to Kim and kiss her 
Tell her I miss her 
Hailey just smiles and winks at her little sister 
Almost as if to... say.... 

(Chorus)