I told ya'll mother fuckers I was comin' back.
(Oh, shit.)
What now nigga? What now?
(What are you doin'?)
What? Proof, the projects, nigga.

Eminem:
One shot, two shot, three shots, four shots
All I hear is gun shots; this is where the fun stops
Bodies drop, hit the floor; music's off, party stops
Everybody hit the door, somebody's lickin' shots off

Bizarre:
Security's gone, I'm trapped in the club
And I'm tryin'a run and get my muthafuckin' gun
(Nigga, what about your wife?)
Nigga, fuck my wife
I'm tryin'a run, and save my muthafuckin' life
Oh shit, the shooters comin'
Bitches hollerin', niggas runnin'
People shot all over the floor
And I'm tryin'a make it to the Saint Andrews door
That's the sound of the Glock 
Even DJ House fucked around and got shot
I done messed around and forget my TEC
I don't see nobody, but Fab 5 and Hex

Kuniva:
(Kuniva, you alright?)
These niggas is trippin'
(Where's Bizzare at?)
I'm tryin'a slip thru the exit and get to where my car is at
Bitches screamin' everywhere and niggas is wilin'
Two minutes ago, we was all jokin' and smilin'
This chick is clingin' on to me sobbin' and sighin'
Says she didn't mean to diss me earlier and she cryin'
But its real and its on, and caps is gettin' peeled
So I hugged her and used her body as a human shield
And - she got hit now she's yellin' "Don't leave me!"
I told her I'd be right back and the dumb bitch belived me
I squeezed through the back door and made my escape
I ran and got my .38, I hope it's not too late

Eminem:
One shot, two shot, three shots, four shots
All I hear is gun shots; this is where the fun stops
Bodies drop, hit the floor; music's off, party stops
Everybody hit the door, somebody's lickin' shots off

Swift (with Kon Artis):
(I been tryna call you all day muthafucker, where you at? )
I'm on seven mile - what the fuck was that? 
Damn, somebody hit me from the back 
(Wit' they car?)
Wit' a gat nigga, and my tire's flattened
An I just hit a pole
Them niggas some hoe's
(Is you hit?)
I dont know, but I can tell you what they rolled with
It was a black Mitsubishi
(Shit, thats the clique we beefin' wit')
Man
(I swear!)
And I was on my way there
Belive me, I'm leavin' a carcass today
Now I'mma park my car and walk the rest of the way
I'm in the mood to strut; my AK ain't even tucked
I'ma meet you at the club we gon' fuck these hoes up

Eminem:
One shot, two shot, three shots, four shots
All I hear is gun shots; this is where the fun stops
Bodies drop, hit the floor; music's off, party stops
Everybody hit the door, somebody's lickin' shots off

I never seen no shit like this in my life before
People are still camped out from the night before
Sleepi'n outside the door, waitin in lines
Still tryin'a get in the club, to see D12 perform
The fire marshalls know the venue's too small
People are wall to wall; three thousand and some odd fans
And some cumwad from out the parking lot
Gets into an arguement over a parking spot
Decides to pull his gun out and lets a few of 'em off
Missed who he's aimin' for, six feet away's the door
Into Saint Andrew's Hall; now the strays flyin' all over the place
Grazed one bitch in the face; another one of 'em came through the wall
Before anyone could even hear the first shot go off
I'm posted up at the bar havin' a mazel tov
Bullet wizzed right by my ear, damn-near shot it off 
Thank God I'm alive, I gotta find Denauon
And where the fuck is Von he usually tucks one on 'im
Wait a minute, I think I just saw Bizarre
Naw, I guess not; what the fuck? Oh my god, it was
I never saw him run so fast in my life
Look at him haulin' ass, I think he left his wife 
There she is on the ground beein' trampled
I go to grab her up by the damn hand but I can't pull her
God damn there just went a nother bullet, I'm hit
My vest is barely able to handle it; it's too thin 
If I get hit again, I cant do it, I scooped D 
Followed Bizzare's path, and ran through and
Made it to the front door and collapsed on the steps 
Looked up and I seen Swift shootin' it out
But I can't see who hes shootin' it out with 
But Denuan's right behind him squeezin' his four-fifth

One shot, two shot, three shots, four shots
All I hear is gun shots; this is where the fun stops
Bodies drop, hit the floor; music's off, party stops
Everybody hit the door, somebody's lickin' shots off

Kon Arits:
This is a Friday night, came to this bitch right
Big ass in my left and Desert Eagle in my right
I ain't come in this bitch to party, I came in this bitch to fight
Although I can't stay here to fight 'cause I'm popin' niggas tonight
Thats right bitches, I'm drunk on revenge
Shot a bouncer in the neck for tryin'a check when I got in
Swift told me to meet him here so it's clear that the schmuck that 
Shot out the back of his truck is up in this motherfucker
So one shot's for the money, two's to stop the show
Thirds for the bartender (I just wanna know who's drivin' a black Mitsubishi)
He tried to run so Proof shot him in the knee wit' a three piece

Eminem:
One shot, two shot, three shots, four shots
All I hear is gun shots; this is where the fun stops
Bodies drop, hit the floor; music's off, party stops
Everybody hit the door, somebody's lickin' shots off