(feat. Lil Wayne, Jadakiss)
[Intro:]
Most people would consider this illegal

[Chorus:]
Since we are the best and you agree with me right?
No need to debate... the way we run shit
See were kind of like the government, so just repect my conglomerate
Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate
Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate

[Verse 1: Busta Rhymes]
It's Bus Rhymes! (HUH!) And I'm back
With the crack, and the thugs, and the drugs, NIGGA BLACK! (OH!)
The best to do it we only deal with the facts bitch
Blazin that I'm so amazin on the tracks BITCH!
(BOUNCE ON 'EM!) And I jump, and I skip
And I hop, and I flip over niggas like gymnastics (HEY!)
Watch the way and I'm givin the streets acid
Bastards niggas know I'm the king of the classics
Drastic measures, I'm spreadin like a rash bitch
Class is in session you 'bout to get yo' ass kicked
Emperor, of every roundtable of the house
(AND WHEN I SPEAK) Niggas respect me as leader of the councilman
God rap, God persona, God scrilla (HUH!)
God body in the flesh call me GODZILLA!
Now you know you see we be the most prominent
Dominant niggas respect my conglomerate (AHHHHHHHH!)

[Chorus: Jadakiss]
Since we are the best and you agree with me right? (Uh-huh)
No need to debate... (uh-uh!)... the way we run shit (Yeah)
See were kind of like the government, so just repect my conglomerate (Eh-HAEH!)
Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate (Ha-HAEEEH!)
Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate (HA-HAEEEH!)

[Verse 2: Jadakiss]
Yeah, uh, yeah, yo...
Workers, bosses, Ferraris, Porches
Dope fiends nauseous, crack spot
Race track, horses, big meetings at the
Round table, to discuss what the cost is
Money, change you, devils, angels
We the ones who say what you can and what you cain't do
Respect, power, kush, sour
Haze, airy, pills, powder
Gangstas, varmints, ice, garments
Don shit, real niggas who I get it on with
When I'm around, my colleagues ain't comfortable
They all got a-sick with my verses for a month or two
(Uh) Yep - wrong nigga to have a problem with
The blade first, then the bullet gon' follow it
Yeah, if you lucky, I might hollow it
D-Block, just respect my conglomerate

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Since we are the best and you agree with me right?
No need to debate... the way we run shit
See were kind of like the government, so just repect my conglomerate
Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate
Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Young Money in charge,
Yes It's Little Wayne, but the moneys enlarged.
Priorities Young Money & God,
Now they wanna know how I be getting money on Mars,
Cause I be getting paid like outta this world,
Hip-Hop is a bitch and I'm proud of this Girl.
When the sharks come to see how the fish curl,
This is my Game you Gonna need a refferal,
I know more about tree than squirrel,
Me no talk much but the heat so verbal,
Brand New Marc Jacobs Peacoat thermal,
Gun outside of the Gear, external.
I'm so fly ya'll still at the terminal.
I'll put you in the dirt just because I see the worm in you.
Dirty South bitch.
Admire & acknowledge it. & Respect My Conglomerate