[Eminem]
Makaveli rest in peace.
Irv Gotti
Too much Bacardi in his body
Mouth like a 12 gauge shotti

Come get me
Mutherfuckers if you want Shady
If 'Pac was still here now
He would never ride with Ja na na na na na na na na
[chorus 2X]

You ain't no killer, you a pussy.
That extacy got you all emotinal and mushy.
Bitches wearin' rags in photos,
Ja's words being qouted
In the Source stealin' 'Pac's shit like he just wrote it.
You loud mouth.
Pray to God hopin' no one's listenin'
See 50 comin' for me, ohh my god ma position
No one to pay attention to me, please Gotti here I go
Give me this pill, estacy done got me feelin' so invincible
Now all of a sudden I'm fuckin' mad man who screams,
Like I'm 'Pac but I'm not enenmies, Hennesey
Actin' like I'm great but I'm fake, I'm crazy
Sweat drip get me off this trip someone stop this train.
Some say my brain is all corrupted, fucked from this shit,
I'm stuck I'm addicted to these drugs, I'ma quit.
Sayin' mutherfuckers names before somebody fucks me up
Ain't no pussies over here partner see you in hell fucker.


Come get me
Mutherfuckers if you want Shady
If 'Pac was still here now
He would never ride with Ja na na na na na na
Get off that e, before you try and come and fuck with me
It's Aftermath here now Shady Records got it locked la la la la la la la locked

[50 Cent]
Penitenturies is packed with promise makers,
Never realized the precious time that bitch niggas is wastin'
Institutionalized my bitches bring me product by the bundle,
Hustle hard From my cell, G-UNIT mutherfuckers, we ballin'.
Catch me countin' cheese when I'm callin', do you accept my call?
Co let me sip on Hennesey, can i sip some more
Hell, I'v been to jail ,Nigga I ain't scared,
Mamma checkin' in my bedroom I ain't there
I got a head wit no screws in it,
Mutherfuckers thinkin' they can stop Fifty, they losin' it.
Little nigga name Ja think he lie like me,
Talkin' 'bout he left the hospital took nine like me.
You livin' fantasies nigga, I reject your deposit,
When's your little sweet ass gonna come out of the closet
Now he wonderin why DMX blowed him out,
Next time grown folks talkin' bitch close your mouth.
Peep me, I take this war shit deeply
Cause I've seen too many real niggas ballin' to let these bitch niggas beat me.
You's a mutherfuckin' punk when you see me with gloves,
Quit scarin' them fuckin kids with your ugly ass mug
And you can tell them niggas you roll wit whatever u want,
But you and I know what's goin' on
Nigga payback Tah I know your bitch ass from way back,
Witness me strapped with Macs, know I don't play that
All these old rappers tryin' to advance
It's all over now take it like a man.
Irv lookin' like Larry Holmes flabby and sick,
Tryin' to player hate on my shit
Man eat a fat dick
Lovin' this shit thats how you made me,
Feelin like I got you niggas crazy.
Against all odds only my thug mutherfuckers know this be the realest shit I ever wrote
Against all odds up in the studio gettin' blowed, to the truest shit I ever spoke
21 gun salute

busta rhymes
Ay, yo I've been one of the most humble, rep the streets to the core
Hey Jeffrey what the fuck you come involvin' me for?
It's been a long time comin' like a blessing to check you,
See 106 and park fans don't even fuckin' respect you
It' kind of funny wanna be 'Pac wanna fake like he thug,
Runnin' around talkin' shit that he ain't capable of.
Now let me off this cocksucker watch me handle you nigga,
If I recall Violater use to manage you nigga
Then took a closer look and realized you was an imposter,
There's never been a violater on a Murder Inc roster, dumbass.
Now who's shootin' awww made you look,
You said Bust singin' the same old hook, you stupid
If ya'll shootin' I take a look at your man
The bitch shot himself in front of Def Jam
Chedda Bob ass nigga start adjustin' your plans,
You let the streets down nigga, apologize to your fans
Watch you pull a little stunt like we didnt know what it was
Little faggot desperate tryin' to re-establish a buzz
I know the shit is drivin' you crazy you wonderin' how,
The street ain't never want you Beatris what you gonna do now?
Now if you wanna beef with me then I'm beefin' with you,
I think about the game and what it's like, an WHAT WOULD IT BE WITHOUT YOU?
You finished I ain't tryin' to repeat this,
Just 'cause I'm cool, shouldn't take my kindness for weakness.

It was fun
Next time you got a problem man
Address me before you try to make shit a public issue homie
Now I'm gonna return back to my regular self and have fun again
One