The Wild.. Gotham
The Wild.. West {*BANG BANG, BANG*}
Ha ha, riiiiide..

(Dr. Dre)
All you see is the sun, reflectin off of the gun
I'm ready for the showdown, that go down at one
Sweat on my brow, let's settle it now
I'ma show you how real cowboys get down
I'm polishin gold, waitin for this drama to unfold
I got a {blunt} rolled
Feelin bold, gangsters blood runs cold
It's time to reload this old .45 colt
The wind's gusty, it's hot, muggy and dusty
Bust a couple shots, make sure I'm not rusty
It's passed noon, he should be here soon
Sip a little moonshine inside a saloon
All of a sudden I can hear the sound of hoofs
Sounds like a thousand wolves
I cock back, put the toast in the holster and froze
I pose like a poster, he's closer than close
I hold the heat sturdy, I heard he fight's dirty
but I'ma put thirty inside him and leave early
And just when I went to fill him with hot lead
I put the gun to his head, and this is what he said

(Eminem)
You never met me, and you'll probably never see me again
but I know you - the name's Slim - you want revenge?
Then don't shoot, I'm in the same boots as you
I'm tellin the truth, I got a price on my head too, cause when you..

Chorus: {unknown singer}

You ride like a cowboy toward the sun
And life ain't fun, when you're on the run
Got your gold and you got your gun
But life as an outlaw just begun
Got your shotgun by your side
Got your horse and you got your pride
You ride til there ain't no place to hide
It's sad cause the bad guys always die

(Dr. Dre) + (Eminem)
He was "Shady," I seen by the look on his face
He said take ten paces {shit} I took eight
Spun around and I aimed straight for the brain
My {shit} went bang but it only fired a blank, he said
(You need bullets, hurry up run!) {*imitating Slick Rick*}
I put a clip in the gun, and pointed at his lungs
We both drew at the same time and stood stunned
(Go ahead, shoot me, but I'm not the one you want)
I figured he was tellin the truth, that's why I didn't shoot
So what we gon' do, it's on you
(Do you recall when you and Snoop was a group?)
The Chronic!
(Well all we gotta do is find a map to part two)
(And plus I know who's got it)
Who?
(Some old dude, he's got 26 plaques and he already sold two)
Loaded up my saddle, got ready for battle
Hid two pieces of gold inside of my saddle
We rolled two miles until we hit the spot
An old ghost town that everybody forgot
A place where they used to smoke chronic a lot
Slim grabbed the shotgun (Dre here's the plot)

(Eminem)
This is the spot, they call him Doc Loveless
He's goin around sayin he took the game from us
(Let's shoot him in his kneecaps, he'll never see it comin)
But he ain't got no legs, they cut 'em off at the stomach
He's got mechanical legs, he spins webs
Plus he's well respected by the hip-hop heads
Our mission - is to get him to stop layin eggs
And we can put him on his back down a flight of steps

(Dr. Dre)
I drew two guns, spun them on my fingers
Kicked the swingin doors in, started gun slinging
I could hear somebody singin - it sounded like a "G Thang,"
and a verse from "Keep Their Heads Ringin"
I said "It's Dre's Day," and started to spray
Against 1800, he pulls a AK
Hollow tips started flyin every which way

(Eminem)
That's when I seen Dre in trouble and came with the gauge
I fired the first shot, spun his body around
He hit the ground and landed upside down
Dre grabbed the map, the plaques and the gold
I grabbed two girlies and a {blunt} that's rolled

Chorus 2X

Always die..
The Wild.. Gotham
The Wild.. West {*BANG BANG, BANG*}
Ha ha, riiiiide..