(Eminem)
Uh... yo yo yo... yo

I take a couple uppers, I down a couple downers
But nothin' compares to these blue and yellow purple pills
I've been t' mushroom mountain, once or twice but who's countin'
But nothin' compares to these blue and yellow purple pills

(Yo, yo)
Cool, calm, just like my mom
With a couple of valium inside her palm
It's Mr. Mischief with a trick up his sleeve
To roll up on you like Christopher Reeves
I can't describe the vibe I get
When I drive-by six people and five I hit (Woops)
Aww shit, I started a mosh pit
Squashed a bitch and stomped her foster kids (Argh!)
These 'shrooms make me hallucinate
Then I sweat till I start losin' weight
Till I see dumb shit start happenin'
Dumber than Vanilla Ice tryin' to rap again
So bounce, bounce, come on bounce
(Gunfire) I said come on, bounce!
Everybody in the house with a half an ounce (Me!)
Not weed, I meant coke, dumb-ass sit down
We don't bullshit, better ask around
D12 throws the bombest bash in town
Bizarre, your mom is passin' out
Get her ass on the couch 'fore she crashes out (Come on!)

(Kon Artis and Kuniva)
Fuck that, someone help Denaun
He's upstairs naked with a weapon drawn
Heh, hey Von you see me steppin' on these leprechauns?
It gotta be acid cause the X is gone
Yeah I took 'em all, dog, with some parmigian'
And I think my arm is gone - Naw, it's probably numb
Young, dumb, and full of cum
And I think he 'bout to swallow his tongue
Scary-ass it was a false alarm
You think I'm 'bout to die when I just got on?
Yo, stop actin' stupid
You so high that you might wake up with a guy on some new shit (Eww!)
Yeah, I think I did too much —
This substance equals cuffs
Red pills, blue pills, and green
Big pills (that's ill), mescaline!

(Eminem)
I take a couple uppers, I down a couple downers
But nothin' compares to these blue and yellow purple pills
I've been t' mushroom mountain, once or twice but who's countin'
But nothin' compares to these blue and yellow purple pills

Dirty Dozen, eighty of us, Shady brothers, ladies love us
That's why our baby' mothers love us but they hate each other
They probably wanna take each other out and date each other
S—somethin', some'in, some'in, some'in, some'in, (mumbling)...

(Proof)
Pop pills; pills I pop
Pop two pills, on stilts I walk
Snort two lines that were filled with chalk
Thought I was Incredible and killed the Hulk
I wanna roll away like a Rollerblade
Until my eyes roll back in my skull for days
And when I'm old and gray, look for dope to smoke
No okey-doke, I'm packin' my nose with coke
(Cough cough cough) am I supposed to choke?
Had an accident when the Trojan broke
Aww, poor baby, born by whore lady
Now I gotta strangle a— (You're crazy!)

(Swifty McVay)
I pop fo' Es at one time
And I don't need water when I'm swallowin' mine
(Yeah, you got any 'shrooms?) Does Bizarre smoke crack?
We can't get jobs 'cause our arms show tracks —
Why the hell you niggas think I rap?
We do it just to get your company hijacked
And if you like smack (uh-huh) then I might too
(Swift, chill) I just wanna get high like you! (Eww)
And I don't give a damn if they white or blue (Uh-huh)
Speed, 'shrooms, down to valiums (Uh-huh)
Even smoke weed outta vacuums
I just copped some and I'm goin' back soon

(Eminem)
I take a couple uppers, I down a couple downers
But nothin' compares to these blue and yellow purple pills
I've been t' mushroom mountain, once or twice but who's countin'
But nothin' compares to these blue and yellow purple pills

(Bizarre)
I'm at rave lookin' like a slave, high off chronic
Gin and tonic demonic, body smell like vomit
Pussy poppin', acid droppin', dope-headed guy
Heroin mescaline, pencil-legs, wanna try?
Blue pills, golden seals, got Bizarre actin' ill
Drugs kill. (Yeah right.) Bitch, I'm for real!
Shut your mouth you dirty slut, you know you want it in your butt
I'll put it in your cunt; let Bizarre nut!

(Eminem)
I take a couple uppers, I down a couple downers
But nothin' compares to these blue and yellow purple pills
I've been t' mushroom mountain, once or twice but who's countin'
But nothin' compares to these blue and yellow purple pills

Dirty Dozen, eighty of us, Shady brothers, ladies love us
That's why our baby' mothers love us but they hate each other
They probably wanna take each other out and date each other
S—somethin', some'in, some'in, some'in, some'in, (mumbling)...

Fuck it.