[Chorus: x4] 
That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm Back) 
I'm Back (I'm Back) (Slim Shady!) I'm Back 
 
I murder a rhyme one word at a time 
You never heard of a mind as perverted as mine 
You better get rid of that nine it ain't gonna help 
What good is it gonna do against a man that strangles himself? 
I'm waitin for hell like hell shit I'm anxious as hell 
Manson  you're safe in that cell, be thankful it's jail 

I used to be my mommy's little angel at twelve 
Thirteen I was putting shells in a gauge on a shelf 
I used to, get punked and bullied on my block 
'Til I cut a kitten's head off and stuck it in this kid's mailbox (Mom! Mom!) 
I used to give a... fuck, now I could give a fuck less 
What do I think of success? It sucks, too much press I'm stressed 
Too much stares two breasts, too upset 
It's just too much mess, I guess I must just blew up quick (yes) 

Grew up quick (no) was raised right 
Whatever you say is wrong, whatever I say is right 
You think of my name now whenever you say, "Hi" 
Became a commodity because I'm W-H-I-T-E, 
'Cause MTV was so friendly to me 
Can't wait 'til Kim sees me 

Now is it worth it? Look at my life, how is it perfect? 
Read my lips bitch, what, my mouth isn't working? 
You hear this finger? Oh it's upside down 
Here, let me turn this motherfucker up right now 

[Chorus: x4] 

I take each individual degenerates head and reach into it 
Just to see if he's influenced by me if he listens to music 
And if he feeds into this shit he's an innocent victim 
And becomes a puppet on the string of my tennis shoe 

My name is Slim Shady 
I been crazy way before radio didn't play me 
The sensational {Back is the incredible!} 
With Ken Kaniff, who just finds the men edible 
It's Ken Kaniff on the, internet 
Trying to, lure your kids with him, into bed 
It's a, sick world we live in these days 

"Slim for Pete's sakes put down Christopher Reeve's legs!" 
Geez, you guys are so sensitive 
"Slim it's a touchy subject, try and just don't mention it" 
Mind with no sense in it, fried to get so frenetic 
Whose eyes get so squinted, I'm blind from smokin 'em 
With my windows tinted, with nine limos rented 
Doin' lines of coke in 'em, with a bunch of guys hoppin' out 
all high and indo-scented 
And that's where I get my name from, that's why they call me 

[Chorus: x 4] 
 
I take seven kids from Columbine, stand 'em all in line 
Add an AK-47, a revolver, a nine 
A Mack-11 and it oughta solve the problem of mine 
And that's a whole school of bullies shot up all at one time 

Cause (I'm) Shady, they call me as crazy 
As the world was over this whole Y2K thing 
And by the way, N'Sync, why do they sing? 
Am I the only one who realizes they stink? 

Should I dye my hair pink and care what y'all think? 
Lip sync and buy a bigger size of earrings? 
It's why I tend to block out when I hear things 
Cause all these fans screamin' is makin' my ears ring (Ahh!) 

So I just, throw up a middle finger and let it linger 
Longer than the rumor that I was stickin' it to Christina 
Cause if I ever stuck it to any singer in showbiz 
It'd be Jennifer Lopez, and Puffy you know this! 

I'm sorry Puff, but I don't give a fuck if this chick was my own mother 
I still fuck her with no rubber and cum inside her 
And have a son and a new brother at the same time 
And just say that it ain't mine, what's my name? 

[Chorus: x4] 

Guess who's b... back, back 
Gue...gue...guess who's back (Hi mom!) 
Guess who's back 
Gue...guess who's back 
D-12, Guess who's back 
Gue...gue...gue...gue, guess who's back 
Dr. Dre, Guess who's back 
Back back, back  
Slim Shady, 2001 
I'm blew out from this blunt, fuck