(kill,kill,kill,kill)
Da-dum, da dum
da da dum, da dum
dadada dum, da dum
dada da dum, da dum, dum

Hook: Eminem
(He's) Mentally ill from Amityville (He'll)
Accidentally kill your family still
Thinkin' he won't, God damnit, he will (He's)
Mentally ill from Amityville

Eminem
I get lifted and spin til I'm half-twisted
Feet planted I stand with a grin full of chapped lipstick (SMACK)
Pen full of ink, think sinful and rap sick shit
Shrink pencil me in for my last visit
Drink gin til my chin's full of splashed whiskers (whoosh)
Hash whiskey and ash til I slap bitches (smack)
Ask Bizzy, he's been here the past six years
Mash with me again and imagine this

Hook: Eminem
[x2]

Bizarre
I fucked my cousin in his asshole, slit my mother's throat
(AH!) Guess who Slim Shady just signed to Interscope?
My little sister's birthday, she'll remember me
For a gift I had ten of my boys take her virginity
(Mmm mm mmm!) And bitches know me as a horny ass freak
Their mother wasn't raped, I ate her pussy while she was asleep
Pissy-drunk, throwing up in the urinal (YOU FUCKING HOMO!)
That's what I said at my dad's funeral

Hook: Eminem
[x2]

Eminem
That's why the city is filled with a bunch of fucking idiots still (still)
That's why the first motherfucker popping some shit he gets killed (killed)
That's why we don't call it Detroit, we call it Amityville ('Ville)
You can get capped after just having a cavity filled (filled)
Ahahahaha, that's why we're crowned the murder capital still (still)
This ain't Detroit, this is motherfucking Hamburger Hill! (Hill!)
We don't do drive-bys, we park in front of houses and shoot
And when the police come we fucking shoot it out with them too!
That's the mentality here (here) that's the reality here (here)
Did I just hear somebody say they want to challenge me here?? (huh?)
While I'm holding a pistol with this many calibers here?? (here??)
Got some registration and just made this shit valid this year? (year?)
Cause once I snap I can't be held accountable for my actions
And that's when accidents happen
When a thousand bullets come at your house
And collapse the foundation around and they found you
And your family in it (AH!)
GOT DAMNIT HE MEANT IT WHEN HE TELLS YOU

Hook: Eminem
[x2]