[50 Cent and DJ Whoo Kid talking]
 
 [Hook]
 (I'm a soldier) G-UNIT! I started my own gang
 (I'm a soldier) G-UNIT!
 (I'm a soldier) G-UNIT! I started my own gang
 (I'm a soldier) G-UNIT!
 
 [50 Cent]
 It's a fact homie, eagles don't fly in flocks
 But the eagles I got own sixteen shots
 Like beefin', homie I ain't sayin' a word
 I'll run up on your punk ass squeezing the bird
 Now what New York niggas know about country grammar
 Not much, but we know how to bang them hammers
 When I pull out that thing, you better break yourself
 Or win a trip to ICU, and you can take yourself
 If you lucky motherfucker, I'm solider I told ya
 Push ya shit back, put my knife through ya six pack
 Gat bust, adrenaline rush, blowin' the dust
 Five point O, burnin' the cluth, while I'm burnin' the dutch
 You thought them other niggas was hot, I'm turnin' it up
 This the blueprint, nigga are you learnin' or what
 You done told me you respect me, now tell me I'm the nicest
 Admit it nigga, I'm a mid-life crisis
 
 [Hook]
 (I'm a soldier) G-UNIT! I started my own gang
 (I'm a soldier) G-UNIT! (I got the rep of a villian, the weapon concealin')
 (I'm a soldier) G-UNIT! I started my own gang
 (I'm a soldier) G-UNIT! (full of controversy until I retire my jersey)
 
 [Lloyd Banks]
 It's like niggas rate the respect of who gat bigger
 Banks been blowin' on purple stuff before that fat nigga
 Henny's make dollars, and dollars make death threats
 I'm doin' remixes to bulletproof the Lex next
 Duck nigga, everdays war
 I'm heavy on sports, to my draw like NBA's store
 Don't make me send the piece at you
 I'll have your man walk around with another rest in peace tattoo
 Look creampuff, you can get killed here
 Nigga you ain't invincible, even Superman in a wheel chair
 I've always been a picky man, but I ain't a flowered star
 So I'mma fuck all fifty fans
 Look, whether you like it or not, right in ya spot
 All in your grill, wearin' the crown, airin' em down
 We're in the pound puttin' fare in the clown
 I'm running with gangstas, don't make one of em shank ya
 
 [Hook]
 (I'm a soldier) G-UNIT! I started my own gang
 (I'm a soldier) G-UNIT! (I got the rep of a villian, the weapon concealin')
 (I'm a soldier) G-UNIT! I started my own gang
 (I'm a soldier) G-UNIT! (full of controversy until I retire my jersey)
 
 [Tony Yayo]
 I'mma ride with my rap shit and my body armor
 Ride like a Taliban suicide bomber
 Four five six feet, I off ya feet
 I kill ya with a pillow when you fall asleep
 Your records can't sell, your company is buyin' em
 Give it up, Burger King is hirin'
 You shoulda been a cop, cause you snitch a lot
 Talkin' to the jakes, you bound to get shot
 I used to watch Big Bird and Scooby Doo
 Now I'm choppin' big birds and them bundles too
 For that Master P money, that shoppin' spree money
 That coke, that dope and that ecstasy money
 I'm tryin' to build empires across the state line
 So move like vampires, never see me in the daytime
 I jump out with a nina and a mack
 I have you like Khia, my neck, my back