I never meant to
Give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to
Bring you to my world
And now you're lying in the corner
Crying

(Cheers and applause)

I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
i never meant to bring you to my world and now your sitting in the corner cyring
And now its my fault my fault

I went to John's rave with Ron and Dave
And met a new wave blonde babe with half of her head shaved
A nurse aid who came to get laid and tied up
with first aid tape and raped on the first date
Susan -- an ex-heroin addict who just stopped usin
who love booze and alternative music (Whattup?)
Told me she was goin back into usin again (Nah!)
I said, Wait, first try this hallucinogen
It's better than heroin, Henn, the booze or the gin
C'mere, let's go in here  
Who's in the den?"
"It's me and Kelly!"
My bad, (sorry) let's try another room
"I don't trust you!"
Shut up slut!  Chew up this mushroom
This'll help you get in touch with your roots
We'll get barefoot, buttnaked, and run in the woods
"Oh hell, I might as well try em, this party is so drab"
Oh dag!!
"What?"
I ain't mean for you to eat the whole bag!
"Huh?!"

Chorus (x2)

Yo Sue!
"Get away from me, I don't know you"
Oh shoot, she's tripping..
"I need to go puke!!"
I wasn't tryin to turn this into somethin major
I just wanted to make you appreciate nature
Susan, stop cryin, I don't hate ya
The world's not against you, I'm sorry your father raped you
So what you had your little coochie in your dad's mouth?
That ain't no reason to start wiggin and spaz out
She said,
"Help me I think I'm havin a seisure!"
I said, I'm high too bitch, quit grabbin my t-shirt!  (Let go!)
Would you calm down you're startin to scare me
She said,
"I'm twenty-six years old and I'm not married
I don't even have any kids and I can't cook!"
(Hello!) I'm over here Sue, (hi) you're talkin to the plant, look!
We need to get to a hospital 'fore it's too late 
Cause I never seen no-one eat as many shrooms as you ate

chorus (x2)

Susan (wait!)  Where you goin?  You better be careful
"Leave me alone dad, I'm sick of gettin my hair pulled"
I'm not your dad, quit tryin to swallow your tongue
Want some gum?  Put down the scissors, 'fore you do somethin dumb
I'll be right back just chill baby please?
I gotta go find Dave he's the one who gave me these
John, where's Dave at before I bash you?
"He's in the bathroom; I think he's takin a crap dude!"
Dave!  Pull up your pants, we need an ambulance
There's a girl upstairs talkin to plants
choppin her hair off, and there's only two days left 
of Spring Break, how long do these things take to wear off?
"Well it depends on how many you had"
I took three, she ate the other twenty-two caps
Now she's upstairs cryin out her eyeballs, drinkin Lysol
"She's gonna die dude"
I know and it's my fault!
"My god!!!"

chorus (x2)

My God, I'm so sorry!
I'm so sorry!  Susan please wake up!
Please!  Please wake up!!  What are you doing?!
You're not dead!!  You're NOT dead!
I know you're not dead!  Oh my God!
Susan wake up!  Oh God...