Meet Eddie, twenty-three years old
Fed up with life and the way things are going
He decides to rob a liquor store
But on his way in he has a sudden change of heart
And suddenly his conscience comes into play

Alright, stop
Now before you walk in the door of this liquor store
And try to get money out the drawer
You better think of the consequence
(But who are you?)
I'm your motherfuckin' conscience

That's nonsense
Go in and gaffle the money and run to one of your aunt's cribs
And borrow a damn dress and one of her blond wigs
Tell her you need a place to stay
You'll be safe for days if you shave your legs with an aged razor blade

Yeah, but if it all goes through like it's supposed to
The whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you
Think about it before you walk in the door first
Look at the store clerk, she's older than George Burns

Fuck that, do that shit, shoot that bitch
Can you afford to blow this shit, are you that rich?
Why you give a fuck if she dies, are you that bitch?
Do you really think she gives a fuck if you have kids?

Man, don't do it, it's not worth it to risk it
Not over this shit, drop the biscuit
Don't even listen to Slim yo, he's bad for you
You know what, Dre? I don't like your attitude

Meet Stan, twenty-one years old
After meeting a young girl at a rave party
Things start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom
Once again his conscience comes into play

Now listen to me, while you're kissin' her cheek
And smearin' her lipstick, I slipped this in her drink
Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little bitch's earlobe
Yo, this girl's only fifteen years old

You shouldn't take advantage of her, that's not fair
Yo, look at her bush, does it got hair?
Fuck this bitch right here on the spot bare
Till she passes out and she forgot how she got there

Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie, Kids?
No, but I seen the porno with Sun Doobiest
Shit, you wanna get hauled off to jail?
Man fuck that, hit that shit raw dawg and bail

Meet Grady, a twenty-nine year old construction worker
After coming home from a hard day's work
He walks in the door of his trailer park home
To find his wife in bed with another man

Alright, calm down, relax, start breathin'
Fuck that shit, you just caught this bitch cheatin'
While you at work she's with some dude tryin' to get off?
Fuck slittin' her throat, cut this bitch's head off

Wait, what if there's an explanation for this shit?
What, she tripped, fell, landed on his dick?
Alright, Shady, maybe he's right Grady
But think about the baby before you get all crazy

Okay, thought about it, still wanna stab her?
Grab her by the throat, get your daughter and kidnap her
That's what I did, be smart, don't be a retard
You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped Dee Barnes?

What'chu say?
What's wrong, didn't think I'd remember?
I'ma kill you motherfucker
Uh ah, temper, temper

Mr. Dre?
Mr. N.W.A.?
Mr. AK
Comin' straight outta Compton y'all better make way

How in the fuck you gonna tell this man not to be violent?
'Cause he don't need to go the same route that I went
Been there, done that, oh, fuck it, what am I sayin'?
Shoot 'em both Grady, where's your gun at?