[Nicki Minaj]
I am not Jasmine, I am Aladdin
So far ahead, these bums is lagging
See me in that new thing, bums is gagging
I'm starting to feel like a dungeon dragon
Rah, rah, like a dungeon dragon
I'm starting to feel like a dungeon dragon
Look at my show footage, how these girls be spazzing
So f-ck I look like getting back to a has-been
Yeah, I said it, has-been
Hang it up, flatscreen, haha, plasma
Hey Nicki, hey Nicki, asthma
I got the pumps, it ain't got medicine
I got bars, sentencing
I'm a bad bitch, I'm a cunt
And I'll kick that hoe, punt
Forced trauma, blunt
You play the back, bitch, I'm in the front
You need a job, this ain't cutting it
Nicki Minaj is who you ain't f-cking with
You li'l brag a lot, I beat you with a pad-a-lock
I am a movie, camera block
You outta work, I know it's tough
But enough is enough

Rah, rah, like a dungeon dragon
Rah, rah, like a dungeon dragon
Rah, rah, like a dungeon dragon
Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon

Rah, rah, like a dungeon dragon
Rah, rah, like a dungeon dragon
Rah, rah, like a dungeon dragon
Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon

[Eminem]
I ain't into S and M, but my whip's off the chain
A little drop of candy paint drips off the frame
Twisted-ass mind, got a pretzel for a brain
An eraser for a head, f-cking pencil for a frame
You don't like it then peel off bitch
Every last woman on Earth I'll kill off
And I still wouldn't f-ck you, slut
So wipe the smile on your grill off
I swear to God I'll piss a Happy Meal off
Get the wheels turning, spin a wheel off
Snap the axel in half, bust the tie-rod
Quit hollering "Why, God?"
He ain't got sh-t to do with it
Bygones will never be bygones
So won't be finished swallowing my wad
I ain't finished blowing it, nice bra
Hope it'll fit a tough titty, bitch
Life's hard, I swear to God
Life is a dumb blonde white broad with fake tits and a bad dye job
Who just spit in my f-cking face and called me a f-cking tightwad
So finally I broke down and bought her an iPod
And caught her stealing my music
So I tied her arms and legs to the bed
Set up the camera and pissed twice on her
Look, two pees and a tripod!
The moral to the story is, life's treating you like dry sod?
Kick it back in its face, my God
It's Shady and Nicki Minaj, you might find the sight quite odd
But don't ask why, bitch
(ask why not)

The wo-world is my punchin' bag and
If I'm garbage, you're a bunch of maggots
Make that face, go on, scrunch it up at me
Show me the target so I can lunge and attack it

Like a, rah, rah, like a dungeon dragon
You fell off, off, they musta bumped your wagon
You musta went off the back, I'm 'bout to go off the deep end
I told you to stay in your lane, you just choked in traffic

[Nicki Minaj]
(I-I-I-I-Is) Is this the thanks that I get for putting you bitches on?
Is it my fault that all of you bitches gone?
Shoulda sent a thank you note, you little ho
Now I'ma wrap your coffin with a bow
"N-N-N-Nicki, she's just mad 'cause you took the spot"
Word, that bitch mad 'cause I took the spot?
Well, bitch, if you ain't sh-tting, then get off the pot
Got some n-ggas out in Brooklyn that'll off your top
I-I-I-I hear them mumbling, I hear the cackling
I got 'em scared, shook, panicking
Overseas, church, Vatican
You at a stand, still, mannequin
You wanna sleep on me? Overnight?
I'm the motherf-cking boss, overwrite
And when I pull up, vroom, motorbike
Now all my n-ggas gettin' bucked, overbite
I see them dusty-ass Filas, Levi's
Raggedy-ass, holes in your knee-highs
I call the play, now do you see why?
These bitches calling me Manning, Eli
(Manning, Eli!)
Ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-Manning, Eli
These bitches calling me (Manning, Eli)

[Eminem]
A-a-a-a-all you little faggots can suck it, no homo
But I'ma stick it to 'em like refrigerator magnets
And I'm crooked enough to make straitjackets bend
Yeah, look who's back again, bitch
Keep acting as if you have the same passion I have
Yeah right, still hungry, my ass
You ass-dicks had gastric bypass
Ain't hot enough to set fire to dry grass
And 'bout as violent as hair on eyelids (eyelash!)
Go take a flying leap of faith off a f-cking balcony
'fore I shove a falcon wing up your fly ass
You know what time it is, so why ask?
Slim Shady and Nicki's World's clashing
It's high class meets white trash

Rah, rah, like a dungeon dragon
Rah, rah, like a dungeon dragon
Rah, rah, like a dungeon dragon
Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon

Rah, rah, like a dungeon dragon
Rah, rah, like a dungeon dragon
Rah, rah, like a dungeon dragon
Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon

[Nicki Minaj]
Roman, Roman!
Stop it, stop it!
You've gone mad, mad, I tell you, mad!
You and this boy Slim Shady!
What's going on? they'll lock you away!
They'll put you in a jail cell!
I promise! take your mother's warning, Roman
Pleaaaaase, back to bed, run along!
Let's go! Come on!
Wash your mouth out with soap, boys