[Sample]
Torture chambers, secret passageways, vats of acid and deadly vaults

Ohh...
Ohh...
*guess, who's back*
I said 'Ohh',...
I said 'Ohh',...
*guess, who's back*
I said man, damn, ohh
*guess, who's back*
Damn it feels good to be back, I'm having a relapse

How the hell did he manage to get more felony charges?
He's already got life in jail, man, what the hell is his problem?
Well, to be honest the smell of these chronic leaves make me hella demonic
They've compelled me to kill this elderly man
And I get these panic attacks, Pop a Xana-x, relax
Tryna stick my fuckin' dick inside a mannequin's ass
Then I get manic depressed, see the orthodontist get gassed
Man, it's kickass, the first thing I put on is the mask
Speaking of masks, man, it ain't too late to have a change of face
And take it off and show my face so you can see the things you facin'
Slice you up and cook you after you're murdered by strangulation
That's bacon souffle you makin', ain't you? Well, thank you Jason
There goes one more coma due to blunt force trauma
Just give me one more Soma and I'll be done for, mama
Go in the damn broom closet, another Valium, lost it
Shovin' the vacuum nozzle down the bathroom faucet
It seems like every day I get a little flakier
The medication is making my hands a little shakier
Hand me the 18 month old baby to shake 'em up
It'll only take me a second to choke his trachea
Breakin' his neck in eightysome places Baby, he's Shady comes lady
He's got the razor-b-blades and the ch-ch-chain-s-saw, baby
You b-b-blundering, bumbling m-m-mumbling dum-dum
Yeah, here I come-come, do you hear the rumbling? Vrum-vrum
There's something inside of that blue tub and that drum-drum
My head and torso are some won' where they come from
Who's it belong to, maybe the girl with the long blonde 
hair, who disappeared and left her cheerleader pom-poms
Clearly there's some' wrong 'cause she didn't come home
She's missing. Where is she? Something fishy is goin' on
I guess he stuck the bitch with the pitchfork with the long prongs
Now everybody get your dance on to my damn song, come on