OBIE TRICE, DR. DRE & EMINEM - Shit hits the fan
[Outro: Dr. Dre] 
Yeah 
Yo, let´s bring it 

[Chorus: Eminem] 
What you gonna do when shit hits the fan? 
Are you gonna stand and fight like a man? 
Will you be as hard as you say you are? 
Or you gonna run and go get your bodyguard? 
I said What you gonna do when shit hits the fan? 
Are you gonna stand and fight like a man? 
And show us you´re as hard as you say you are? 
Or you gonna run and go get your bodyguard? 

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre] 
Niggaz is so gangsta, Niggaz is thugs 
Niggaz´ll spend their whole life peddlin drugs 
Slanging dope in hopes of one day bein able 
To own their own label and give the game up 
Some niggaz came up, some just didn´t 
That´s just the way it is, if it ain´t meant it, it just isn´t 
Some niggaz´ll get money and pay niggaz to back em 
So they can act up, feel comfortable, and rap tough 
And that´s as backwards, cuz them niggaz just gone keep coming back 
And that´s when extortion happens 
You struggle to get free, I know how this shit be 
You deal with anything to live legitimately 
But you gone find if you do get in this industry 
It´s best to be business with me than against me 
Niggaz get behind mics and ain´t even MC´s 
Niggaz get on MTV just to diss me 
This shit don´t even piss me off 
I´m laughin all the way to the bank 
Watchin the satellite from a Bentley 
You niggaz don´t even got a car 
You´re so far under my radar 
I don´t even know who the fuck you are 
To tell you to suck my dick while I´m pissin 
I don´t even listen to your shit to know who the fuck I´m dissin 
The media just feeds into these feuds 
Tryin to add fuel to the fire. This little nigga, Ja Rule 
Talking bout he´s gonna slap me. Nigga please 
You gotta jump and swing up to hit me in the knees 
I laugh at these magazines when they interview em 
All they doin is making fake threats to us through em 
And pussy you´re not Pac, I knew em 
Pac was a real nigga, you just a fuckin insult to em 
It´s too bad we had to fallout before he passes 
If he could see this shit now, he´d be whoopin your ass 
You´re talkin to a pioneer who engineered this shit for 19 years 
Who you got in your ear? I don´t even gotta say it, the fans know 
Quit tryin to be tough, nigga, you look like a asshole 

[Chorus: Eminem] 
What you gonna do when shit hits the fan? 
Are you gonna stand and fight like a man? 
Will you be as hard as you say you are? 
Or you gonna run and go get your bodyguard? 
I said What you gonna do when shit hits the fan? 
Are you gonna stand and fight like a man? 
And show us you´re as hard as you say you are? 
Or you gonna run and go get your bodyguard? 

[Verse 2: Obie Trice] 
They say why don´t we increase the peace 
The only peace increased is that which deletes your peeps 
Cuz niggaz run mouths but they don´t run streets 
Till that 4 5 will cease the speech 
Yeah it´s a shame how the beef´ll creep 
Could´ve reached the peep, now you´re left with a horrible leak 
I´m tryin to be as bleak with my speech as possible 
Just in case a nigga tryin to throw me an obstacle 
Nigga, I´m not boxin you, I´m hospitable 
I put you in a hospital, that´s how I get at you 
Let the doc op on you, he don´t rid you? 
You back on the streets? I send another hit at you 
This is not a hypocritical issue 
I will critical condition your tissue 
Give a fuck if all ten of them wit you 
I throw an extra ten of them missiles 
Turn gangstas into gentlemen vicko 
And ever since Eminem dissed you 
I swear I see the women and bitch in you 
All this bickering back and forth over who signs who 
Curtis, pull your skirt up, nigga, you got murdered 
Now take it like a man and shake it off. Damn 
And quit tellin all these magazines your plans 
How you gone slap up my mans, you´re ficticious 
Nigga, we send Stan to come murder your bitches 

[Chorus: Eminem] 
What you gonna do when shit hits the fan? 
Are you gonna stand and fight like a man? 
Will you be as hard as you say you are? 
Or you gonna run and go get your bodyguard? 
I said What you gonna do when shit hits the fan? 
Are you gonna stand and fight like a man? 
And show us you´re as hard as you say you are? 
Or you gonna run and go get your bodyguard? 

[Outro: Obie Trice] 
Hahahahahaha 
Yeah, yeah 
Go out behind all the gangstas you want, nigga 
Matter fact, go get every gangsta from every hood 
In the United States of America to back you, nigga 
Ain´t nobody rap wit you 
You can´t see that? 
Fell off, nigga 
Hahahahahaha 
Damn, damn 
Shady slash Aftermath, motherfucker 
2003 to infin