[Chorus: Snoop (2X)]
 
 Bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks
 Lick on deez nutz and suck the dick
 Get's the fuck out after you're done
 And I hops in my ride to make a quick run... 
 
 [Dr. Dre]
 I used to know a bitch named Eric Wright
 We used to roll around and fuck the hoes at night
 Tight than a mutharfucka with the gangsta beats
 And we was ballin' on the muthafuckin' Compton streets
 Peep, the shit got deep and it was on
 Number 1 song after number 1 song
 Long as my muthafuckin' pockets was fat
 I didn't give a fuck where the bitch was at
 But she was hangin' with a white bitch doin' the shit she do
 Suckin' on his dick just to get a buck or 2
 And the few ends she got didn't mean nothin'
 Now she's suing cuz the shit she be doin' ain't shit
 Bitch can't hang with the streets, she found herself short 
 So now she's takin' me to court
 It's real conversation for your ass
 So recognize and pass to Daz 
 
 [Dat Nigga Daz]
 Now as i'm rollin' with my nigga Dre and Eastwood
 Fuckin' hoes, clockin' dough up to no good
 We flip flop and serve hoes like flap jacks
 (Snoop: But we don't love them hoes) Bitch, and it's like that
 This is what you look for in a ho who got cash flow
 Ya run up in them hoes and grab the cash
 And get your dash on 
 While you're chillin', with your homies and shit 
 And how my niggaz kick the anthem like this 
 
 [Snoop] BEEEYYAAACHHH! 
 
 (Chorus) 
 
 [Kurupt]
 ...To the store, to get me a 4-0
 Snoop Doggy Dogg paged, that must mean more hoes
 So I head down the street to long beach
 Just so i could meet, a freak 
 To lick me from my head to my feet
 And I'm here, now I'm ready to be done up
 Nothin' but homies around so I puts my gun up
 Bitches on my nuts like clothes
 But i'm from the pound and we don't love them hoes
 How could you trust a hoe? [Snoop:] Why? [echoed 3X]
 Cuz a hoe's a trick
 We don't love them tricks [Snoop:] Why? [echoed 3X]
 Cuz a trick's a bitch
 And my dick's constantly in her mouth
 And turnin' them trick ass hoes the fuck out
 Now... 
 
 [Snoop Doggy Dogg]
 I once had a bitch named Mandy May
 Used to be up in them guts like everyday
 The pussy was the bomb, had a nigga on sprung
 I was in love like a muthafucka lickin' the protung
 The homies used to tell me that she wasn't no good
 But I'm the maniac in black, Mr. Snoop Eastwood
 So I figure niggaz wouldn't trip with mine
 Guess what? Got gaffled by one time
 I'm back to the muthafuckin' county jail
 6 months on my chest, now it's time to bail
 I get's released on a hot sunny day
 My nigga D.O.C. and my homey Dr Dre
 Scooped in a coupe, Snoop we got news
 Your girl was trickin' while you was draped in your county blues
 I ain't been out a second
 And already gotta do some muthafuckin chin checkin
 Move up the block as we groove down the block
 See my girl's house, Dre, pass the glock
 Kick in the do', I look on the flo'
 It's my little cousin Daz and he's fuckin' my hoe, yo 
 (Bitches ain't shit)
 I uncocked my shit...I'm heart-broke but I'm still loc'ed
 Man, fuck a bitch! 
 
 [Chorus]
 
 [Jewell]
 (Dr. Dre in background "Bitches ain't shit")
 I don't give a fuck about a bitch
 But i and her know that they can't fade this 
 Cause i'm doin my own thingdown with the swang
 I'm hangin' with Death Row like it ain't no thing
 I say you know can't deal
 Cuz I'm a btich that's real
 Motherfucker need to step back, hell yeah
 They need to chill
 Because I don't give a fuck
 And I don't give a fuck [x3]
 
 And now I gotta do some...
 And now I gotta do some shit that's clean
 But when I'm on a dick, hell yeah, I get real mean
 Like a washing machine
 I can wash the clothes
 All the hoes knows
 That i'm on the flo' ho
 But they can't hang with my type on swang
 I ain't tryin' to say I suck every ding-a-lang
 But just the juicy ones
 Witht he tip of the tongue
 And then their sprung
 With the nuts hung 
 [Dr. Dre:] Bitches ain't shit