(Chorus)
Put it on my wee wee, banana strawberry, pineapple, orange x4

Got a dick as big as a banana,
Try to control it but i guess I can't,
It too tough like a AK clip banana,
You better watch out Hannah Montanna,
Man what's the matter, have you no manners?,
No, you know the girl from Juno's address?
Yeah, I'mma probably go to jail for that,
Now I got the cops on my tail for that,
Ride up in car with a stale banana,
In your tail pipe, can't believe you fell for that,
It coulda been a Molotov cocktail for that,
Wait a minute man, what the hell was that?
I heard a noise, where you going? What are you bananas?,
You can't go back there stupid ass,
I've just seen a woman in a Freddy Krueger mask,
Who the fuck are you, superman?
All you have is a little stupid can of whipped cream,
What the hell you gonna do with that?,
I'mma put it on my wee wee,
Ooh could answer, a super bananza-extravaganza,
Man go ahead what you waitin for?
You better get them clothes off baby boy,
C'mon lets go we're gonna make a porn,
Ready set go, hit play, record!

(Chorus)

Are you ready? You better hold the camera steady,
She's probably back there with a damn machete,
She's probably gonna eat you like canned spaghetti,
She's probably gonna kill ya, still wanna check, see?
Have a little quick look, 
She's probably six foot tall like big foot,
The hell with that, we should probably run,
Don't dare look back,
There probably probably probably there probably was a problem at the post office or something,
But you probably diddn't know that did ya?

Now what you gonna do when she gets ya?
I ain't going with ya, forget ya,
Quit tryna hold my hand mister!
Prentend she's your little sister, little sister,
Prony little dickta(?),
Might aswell take a whipped cream with ya,
And when you see her make sure you get a picture,
We could try to make another Blair Wich ya, movie,
Of bestiality porno with smoothies,

(Chorus)

Its eerie, but here comes Zac and Meery,
Beauty and the best, his back is hairy,
But she don't care they're attracted very,
Very sexually active very,
No Zac don't go back in there!
Its too late now she's grabbing hair,
He screams "bloody mary", grabs a mirror,
But stop just aint in her vocabulary,
Get off me please,
Get off me stop,
Brawl in the back of the coffee shop,
They go non stop, she says go,
He says no, she says oh,
Back and forth they scream and shout,
Yeah boy let them demons out,
Its the kinda nightmare you dream about,
Uh-oh now the whipped cream is out,
I get sick thoughts, sick sick thoughts,
Of things you could do with your lipstick gloss,
Put it on my dick till the tip looks orange,
Bitch keep going, bitch keep going!

(Chorus)

Banana, banana, banana, banana, banana, banana