Yo I can't sing…but I feel like singing. I want to fuckin' sing…cuz I'm happy…yea…I'm happy. I got my baby back…yo…check it out... 

Verse 1 
Somedays I sit staring out the window, watchin' this world pass me by/Sometimes I think there's nothin' to live for. I almost break down and cry. Sometimes I think I'm crazy. I'm crazy, oh so crazy. Why am I here? Am I just wasting my time/But then I see my baby, suddenly I'm not crazy. It all makes sense when I look into her eyes 

Chorus 
Cuz sometimes it feels like the world's on my shoulders. Everyone's leaning on me/ Cuz sometimes it feels like the world's almost over, but then she comes back to me. 

Verse 2 
My baby girl keeps getting' older. I watch her grow up with pride. People make jokes cuz they don't understand me, they just don't see my real side/ I act like shit don't phase me, inside it drives me crazy. My insecurities could eat me alive/But then I see my baby, suddenly I'm not crazy. It all makes sense when I look in her eyes. 

Verse 3 
Man, if I could sing, I'd keep singin' this song to my daughter. If I could hit the notes, I'd blow something as long as my father / to show her how I feel about her. How proud I am that I got her. God, I'm a daddy, I'm so glad that her mom didn't. / Now you probably get this picture from my public persona that I'ma pistol packin' drug addict who bags on his mama. / But I wanna to just take this time out to be perfectly honest, cuz there's a lot of shit I keep bottled that hurts deep inside / of my soul. And just know that I grow colder the older I grow. This boulder on my shoulder gets heavy and harder to hold, / and this load is like the weight of the world, and I think my neck is breakin'. Should I just give up or try to live up to these expectations? / Now look, I love my daughter more than life in itself, but I got a wife that's determined to make my life livin' hell. / But I handle it well, given the circumstances I'm dealt. So many chances, man, it's too bad - could have had someone else/ But the years that I've wasted is nothing to the tears that I've tasted, so here's what I'm facin'…3 felonies, 6 years of probation. / I've went to jail for this woman, I've been to bat for this woman. I've taken bats to people's backs, bent over backwards for this woman. / Man, I should have seen it coming. What did I stick my penis up in? Wouldn't have ripped the pre-nup up if I'da seen what she was fuckin.' / But fuck it, it's over. There's no more reason to cry no more. I got my baby, baby the only lady that I adore / (Hailie). So sayonara, try tommorra, nice to know ya. Our baby's traveled back to the arms of her rightful owner. / And suddenly it seems like my shoulder blades have just shifted. It's like the greatest gift you could get. The weight has been lifted. 

Chorus 
Cuz sometimes it feels like the world's on my shoulders. Everyone's leaning on me/ coz my baby knows that her daddy is a solider, nothing can take her from me.


Outro 
Told you I can't sing..Oh well... I tried... Hailie, remember when I said if you ever need anything, Daddy would be right there? Guess what? Daddy's here, and I ain't going nowhere, baby. I love you…(kiss)

[ Thanks fake for correction ]