[numerous news reports]
"Breaking news, Detroit rapper Eminem cancels his sold-out European tour
 to check himself into rehab, after admitting an addiction
 to sleep medication. We'll have more on this story as it develops."
"Shady Records recording artist Obie Trice has apparently
 survived a gunshot to the head, in what appears to be
 a random drive-by shooting. Meanwhile, Eminem is rumored to be...
 alienated... on again/off again relationship with..."
"This just in, a tour bus involving Eminem's bus..."
"Updating a story we brought you earlier about gunfire
 at an after-hours club we've learned that the rapper Proof
 has been fatally shot."
"Shady/Aftermath recording artist..."
"Long-time best friend of Eminem, and a member of the rap group D12."
"D12 back in the news again today..."
"Is it a sabbatical or the end? The rumors and speculation
 continue to swirl around Eminem. He insists he's just taking a break
 but doubters believe he's retiring, leaving us all to ask,
 'Will the real Slim Shady please stand up?'"

So this is it, this is what I wished for
Just isn't how I envisioned it, fame to the point of imprisonment
I just thought the shit'd be different
There's somethin changed the minute that I got a whiff of it
I started to inhale it, smell it, started sniffin it
And it became my cocaine, I just couldn't quit
I just wanted a little bit
Then it turned me to a monster, I became a hypocrite
Concert after concert, I was rakin in the dough, rollin in green
Had the game hemmed up, like a sewing machine
But I was losin my freedom, there was nowhere for me
to not go and be seen, and just go and be me
And there was no in-between
You either loved it or hate it, every CD critics gave it a 3
then three, years later they go back and re-rate it
Then called "The Slim Shady LP" the greatest
"The Marshall Mathers" was a classic, "The Eminem Show" was fantastic
But "Encore" just didn't have the caliber to match it
I guess enough time just ain't passed yet
A couple more years that shit'll be "Illmatic"
And eight years later I'm still at it
Divorced, re-married, a felon, a father, sleepin pill addict
And this is real talk, I feel like The Incredible Hulk
My back has been broke and I can still walk

So be careful what you wish forrrr
Cause you just might get it, and if you get it
then you just might not knowwww what to do wit it
Cause it might just come back on you ten-folllld
I said be careful what you wish forrrr
Cause you just might get it, and if you get it
then you just might not knowwww what to do wit it
Cause it might just come back on you ten-folllld

I got a letter from a fan that said, he's been prayin for me
Every day and for some reason it's been weighin on my mind heavy
Cause I don't read every, letter I get
But somethin told me to go ahead and open it
But, why would someone pray for you when they don't know you?
You didn't pray for me when I was local
And as I lay these vocals, I think of all the shit I had to go through
Just to get to where I'm at, I've already told you
at least, a thousand times in these rhymes
I appreciate the prayer but I've already got God on my side
And it's been one hell of a ride, hasn't it?
Just watchin it from a opposite standpoint, man boy it's got to look
nuts, and that's the only word I can think of
right now on how, to describe the shit
This is like a vibe you get, go ahead and bop to it
Just watch what you wish for cause I got the shit

So be careful what you wish forrrr
Cause you just might get it, and if you get it
then you just might not knowwww what to do wit it
Cause it might just come back on you ten-folllld
I said be careful what you wish forrrr
Cause you just might get it, and if you get it
then you just might not knowwww what to do wit it
Cause it might just come back on you ten-folllld