The project features four different vocalists : Damae Klein, Coco (aka Sue Brice), Maria Rubia, and Eva Martinez. Ramon Zenker stands behind this project. He is no newcomer to the music business, since he took part to many dancefloor projects such as Perplexer, Interactive, Celvin Rotane, Bellini, or Paffendorf. He scored his first hit in 1989 with the group Honesty 69's French Kiss. He collaborates with the 2 DJ brothers Marco & Dirk Duderstadt, and with Joern who is responsible for most of the Fragma lyrics. Their label is called No Respect Records Gmbh.

The Fragma project started in 1999 with Toca Me. It was not mentioned in their official discography. The second single was the track Toca's Miracle, released in 2000 (which was combination between Toca Me and a sample from Coco's track I Need A Miracle) which became a hit. It topped the chrts in England and peaked #65 in France. 

2001 : Fragma released their fourth single Say That You're Here, featuring Damae's voice. A dream has come true for the 22 year-old girl from Cologne, whose Mother is Romanian. A dream, that she determinedly transformed into her reality - step by step. 

2002 : the Fragma team is working on a second album. Meanwhile, Say That You're Here scored #1 in the Dutch charts. In August, they released a promo-CD called Time And Time.

2004 : Damae released a single feat. Londonbeat entitled I've Been Thinking About You, a cover of Londonbeat's track originally released in 1991. Previously, her voice was used by Kyau vs Albert feat Damae on the singles Velvet Morning and Not With You.

2006 : a new single has been released, it is entitled Radio Waves, featuring the voice of Kirsty Hawkshaw formerly from Opus III. It entered the German DJ Playlist at #99. 

2007 : Fragma's new single is entitled Deeper. They also recorded 2008 remixes for Toca Me and Toca's Miracle. Damae recorded a solo single called Not Over You. 

2008 : Damae appeared on Schiller's new album Sehnsucht. Toca's Miracle was re-released in its new 2008 version. Coco tries to get credit for her contribution because she considers that it is not mentioned clearly enough on the single.

Kindervater feat. Nadja did a cover of Everytime You Need Me. Iit went top 30 on the Danish dancechart.