[Intro]
 I love niggas! I love niggas!
 Cause niggas are me!
 And I should only love that 'presents me
 I love to see niggas go through changes (Whoooo!!)
 I love to see niggas shoot through shit (Did it again)
 And to all niggas that do it I love
 
 [B.I.G.]
 To all my Brooklyn (Niggas!)
 To all my Uptown (You niggas understand?!)
 To all my Bronx (It's war nigga)
 To all my Queensbridge (I'll blow you away)
 
 [Verse One: Notorious B.I.G.]
 Back up chump, you know Biggie Smalls grips it quick
 And kicks it quick, you know how black niggas get
 With the hoods fatigues with the boots with trees
 Smokin weed, flippin ki's, makin crazy G's
 Hittin' buckshots at niggas that open spots
 On the avenue, take my loot, and I'm baggin you
 Pimpin hoes that drive Volvo's and Rodeos
 Flash the Roll, make her wet, in her pantyhose
 Damn, a nigga style is unorthodox
 Grip the glock, when I walk down the crowded blocks
 Just in case a nigga wanna act out
 I just black out, and blow they motherfuckin back out
 That's real
 
 [Chorus: 50 Cent - repeat 2X]
 We the realest nigga
 50 Cent and B.I.G. my nigga
 Don't try to act like you don't feel a nigga
 Biggie yo nigga, 50 yo nigga
 Squeeze the trigga' leave a nigga fa' sho!
 
 [Verse Two: Notorious B.I.G.]
 When we smoke spliffs, we pack four-fifths
 Just in case dread wanna riff
 He get a free lift to the cemetary, rough very
 Not your ordinary, we watch you get buried
 That's a real nigga for ya
 Get mad do a quarter flip the script, and rip your lawyer
 Spit at the D.A. cause fuck what she say
 She don't give a fuck about your ass anyway
 Up North found first stop Watertown
 Of fist-skill, where the hand skills are real ill
 You'll be a super Hoover doo-doo stain remover
 Ha hahhh, yo Chief, pass the Buddha
 
 [Chorus]
 
 [Verse Three: 50 Cent]
 When I was young my M.O. was to go hand-to-hand
 And even my P.O. she called me the Ginger Bread Man
 I catch a new case, and tell her ass "catch me if you can"
 Don't let your people fill you up wit octane I'm not playing
 Get gassed up to get blast up
 Real B.I.G. style watch the kid break it down
 Check it, thou shalt not fuck wit North C. Papa
 50 Cent, I'll break yo ass off propa'
 There's no place like home, New York - New York
 I run this city, I don't dance around like Diddy
 Niggas is giddy, till they act smack silly
 Or spray wit the Mack Milly, they don't want drama really
 Pussy niggas get hard lip syncing my lyrics like Milly Vanilly
 Even the hood they feel me {*gun cocked*} hah! I'm on fire!
 Niggas out in Philly they feel me, they bump my shit
 Every bootlegger you know, bump my shit, bitch!
 
 [Chorus]
 
 The Invasion! (Invasion yeah)
 Green Lantern! the infiltration, we comin'! (yeah)
 
 [Bridge: Eminem]
 I got 50 Cent, I got G-Unit
 D-Tweezy in this bitch, wit Obie Trice!
 So watch what you say, 'fore you call our name
 Cause you say one more thing and it won't be nice!
 
 [Verse Four: Eminem]
 Whoa, here we go, I shoulda known
 I was bound to get pulled into some bullshit
 Sooner or later you little haters
 Are too jealous of us to love us
 You hate it G-Unit made it and Obie's coming
 D-Tweezy's coming you're sick to your stomach
 50 percent of it's 50 cent
 The other 50 percent of it's who's color of skin it is
 But if you even considerin' taking our label down
 You better find our building and fly a fucking plane into it
 But I ain't trying to get too intricate into it
 I'm just trying to you give you a little hint for your own benefit
 Cause then it's gonna get to the point
 Where it escalates to some other shit
 Then I'm a flip, then I'm a get to
 "Stomping in my Air Force Ones"
 But you won't be able to tell
 If it's two pairs or it's one
 It's just gonna feel like so many feet kicking you
 You'd think Nike just made these into cleats in this shoe
 I don't know what it is or what it could be
 But I get a woody when these pussies try to push me
 Thinking they gonna put me in a position to pickle me
 Y'all tickle me pink
 I think I'd just rather have Pink tickle me
 Hickory dickory dock, tickety tock tickety
 A little bit of the diggedy doc diggedy
 Mixed with a little bit of the [Eminem vocal scratch]
 Wit a pinch of Biggie
 Look at me, I'm just the bomb diggedy
 
 [Chorus: Eminem]
 We the realest label
 Don't try to act like you don't feel our label
 Cause we gon' fuck around and kill your label
 Obie, D-Tweezy, G-Unit, 50, Shady records
 We the label fa' sho!
 
 We the realest label
 Don't try to act like you don't feel our label
 Cause we gon' fuck around and steal your paper
 Obie, D-Tweezy, G-Unit, 50, Shady records
 We gon' kill your label fa' sho!
 
 [Eminem]
 Shady in the place to be see
 And I got what it takes to +Roc The Mic+ right!
 Still watch what you say to me punk
 Cause I'm off probation in less than six months [gun cocked]
 
 [Outro]
 Haha, Shady Records
 Still Aftermath, and don't think we don't
 Hear you motherfuckers talkin'!
 Cause we do and we see y'all
 We just gon' sit back for a minute
 While I see what the FUCK y'all do