I wear a mean dark pair of shades 
Aint you cant see my eyes unless my head is bent , you dig 

We fly high, No Lie ,You know this (BALLIN!) 
Foreign rides, outside, its like showbiz (We in the building) 
(Girl) 
We stay fly, No Lie ,You know this (BALLIN!) 
Hips and Thighs, Oh my, Stay focus 

Ya boy gettin paper (Money), I buy big cars (Foreign) 
I need fly rides to drive in my garage (Choose 1) 
Stay sky high (Twisted), Fly wit the stars (Twinkle ,Twinkle) 
T 4 ? Flights , 80 grand large (BALLIN!) 
So we lean with it, pop with it (Bankhead) 
'Vertible jones, mean with the top listen (Flossin) 
I'm sayin clean with the bottom ?(Do It) 
I Hop'd out saggy jeans and my rock glistenin(BALLIN!) 
But I spent bout 8 grand 
Mami on stage doin the rain dance (I think she like me) 
She let it hit the floor, made it pop (What Else !?) 
Got my pedal to the floor screamin fuck the cops(Do It!) 

We fly high, No Lie ,You know this (BALLIN!) 
Foreign rides, outside, its like showbiz 

We fly high, No Lie ,You know this (BALLIN!) 
Hips and Thighs, Oh my, Stay focus 

Slow Down, Tonight may be gone tommorow (One Chance!) 
So I speed thu life like theres no tommorow (Speedin!) 
100 g's worth of ice on the Auto? (Flossy) 
And we in the street life until they call the law(BALLIN!) 
I made the whip get naked (What Happen !?) 
While I switch gears, Bitch lookin at the bracelet (Got Em) 
Step out, show me what your all about 
Flashbacks of last night of me ballin out (Harlem!) 
1 a.m. we was at the club (What Happen !?) 
2 a.m. Ten bottles of bub (Money ain't a thing) 
And about 3 somethin I was thinkin about grub 
So I stumbled to the car, threw the drinks and the drugs (Twisted) 

We fly high, No Lie ,You know this (BALLIN!) 
Foreign rides, outside, its like showbiz 

We stay fly, No Lie ,You know this 
Hips and Thighs, Oh my, Stay focus 

Nigga could you buy that 
I keep 20 in the pocket (Light Change) 
Talk a buck 80 If the bentley is the topic (That grey poupon) 
But of course gotta fly ...? (Where?) 
To the hood to roll dice on the side of the curb 
But I know a G Bent' may sound obsurd (Get Your Money Up) 
Drive 80 up Lennox cause I got an urge (Speedin) 
The rap game like the crack game 
Lifestyles, rich and famous livin in the fast lane (BALLIN!) 
So when I bleep shorty bleep back 
Lou Vutton Belt where im keep all the heat strapped 
I beat the trial over rucker (Lets Do It) 
All guns loaded in the back motherfucker (Dipset) 

We fly high, No Lie ,You know this (BALLIN!) 
Foreign rides, outside, its like showbiz (We in the building) 2x 

We stay fly, No Lie ,You know this (BALLIN!) 
Hips and Thighs, Oh my, Stay focus 

You niggas need to stay focus 
When your dealin with a motherfuckin G 
You know my name, Jones, One Eye, Capo Status 
Only above motherfucka 
This Dipset ByrdGang We Born To Fly 
Ya'll know the rules fall back or fall back 
Someone tell my bitch summer I'm lookin for her 
Ya dig, Another day another dollar 
Fast life fucker