If it's a Malibu beat, subject of discussion
Malibu beat, subject of discuss-cussion
You're motivated-vated, to aid a percussion-cussion
There's no glo-glory, for this story-story
It-it rock-rock in any territory-tory
I syncopate it and design it well-well
Beat elevates-vates, the scratch excels-cels
All techniques are a combination
of skills that I have, thought narration

Last year my melody, but still complete
Providing musical energy for the street
Lyrics are smooth for maximum effect
Jump track patt-erns on cass-ette
Time-time snare had bass and cymbal
Like that of a cat on the mic I'm nimble
Ba-sic patterns, grouped and changed
Se-quence fre-quent, seek and gain...
break... break... for narration

Break two... break two...

I'm in the center of a - I'm in the center of a
musical skinner; some say the skins is a blow of torture
They hear me, they fear me, they hear me, they fear me
I'm improvin the conditions of the rap industry
The beat will expand, to land on foreign lands
Germany, Italy, France and Japan, it'll
give you a lift, no need to sniff
No butts no how's no why's or if's
It's you I defeated, they'll say you retreated
Pick up your favorite magazine and read it
Wrapped by a power, a musical shower-shower
A picture-picture of me-of me on the Eiffel-Eiffel Tower-Tower
I need a beat-beat...

Doing-doing dirty, I'm your-your thought
You're bein-bein taken-taken, the musical boom
I'm in full trating your eardrums
Increasing the rate of vibration
I wanna rock ya-rock ya, that's all you need to know-know
I need a beat, is the title of the show-show
Providing-providing pleasure on the musical measures
All-all arranged, to alleviate pressure
I'm up on your list, your party thera-therapist
Beat programmer and lyri-lyricist
Ladies Love Cool James, studio user
A million or more screamin people abuser
I predict, this jam will hit
The highest plateau in the world of music
Paparazzi, wealth and fame
The total propulsion, of my name

I need a beat..

Computer wise, and the engineer's eyes
have to be very acute, education level high
The product is mine, beat on the rhyme
The control was part of the studio design
Track after track, culminating on wax
The tape has slack, rewind then back
Expensive but useful, the music is the fuel
A perfect place for MC's to duel...

I need a beat... Farmer's Boulevard...
Ha-Ha... Queens! Ladies Love Cool James!
Cut Cre-ator!...