Send "Recognize" Ringtone to your Cell The headphones is on fire dis time around, Styles 
Blood Pressure 
y'all just bear wit me 
Yo, last time I'ma tell these niggas, man 
Can't fuck around, man 
Jada, man 
Whoever 
Old nigga, new nigga 
What! Yo, yo, yo

[Jadakiss] 
Who really the best rapper since B.I.G. ain't here 
y'all know the answer to that when Kiss ain't here 
When you see me, don't ask me nothing about us 
And don't definitely ask me nothing about,
Fuck it 
You owe me one, I owe you two 
I would of smacked you wit the burner, but I know you'd sue 
And I ain't talking to him 
I'm talking to you 
Matter of fact, I'm talking to y'all 
Life is like walkin a yard 
Nigga'll stab you wit a fork in the heart 
And The Source got motherfuckers thinking they hot 
Like my dope 
Got fiends thinking they shot 
When you thinking of the best, nigga 
Think of The Lox 
I'll cut ya fucking hand off if ya pinky ring's hot 
Then come through ya block in a sticky green drop 
Hop out 
Let off fifty-three shots 
Wouldn't care if I hit fifty-three cops 
Guliani might as well be merking niggas 
'cause the time that he giving out is hurting niggas 
And all these record label's jerkin niggas 
And you never was a thug, you's a working nigga 
And you heard that shit right there? 
I started that 
Don't make me put something up in ya Starter hat 
No matter who you are, or where you from 
Screw all of that 
I'm not trying to hear that, son 

[Chorus: x2]
Now, who the fuck y'all want? (Jadakiss!) 
And who the fuck y'all need? (Jadakiss!) 
And who the fuck gon' bleed? 
All y'all haters, 'cause none of y'all niggas (can't fuck wit Jada!!) 

[Jadakiss]
Don't you be that clown nigga in the back of the whip 
That's gon' get the second half of the clip 
And all I'm saying, it'll be the other nigga in the front of the the whip 
Running his lip, wit a gun on his hip 
Feel me dog? 
Everybody walk the walk 'til they run into Kiss 
Then, they get stabbed, or hung, or stung wit the fifth 
How you think ya man hard when son on my dick? 
'cause I can get his ass body, plus front him a brick 
Got a chick named Super-head 
She give super-head 
Just moved in the building, even gave the super head 
I cop big guns that spit super lead 
So, play Superman, end up super dead 
Call ne Kiss, or the kid from The Lox 
That'll twist ya moms out and do a bid wit ya pops 
We was in jail, you probably won't get no mail 
And if you pumped on my block, you won't get no sales 
When ya CEO know you can't fuck wit I 
I make a million by June 
I'm saying fuck July 
And I beg you to try me while I'm holding the Tommy 
I'ma have ya body all over the lobby 
I already helped y'all 
I'm about to melt y'all 
Tell the truth, dog 
I ain't never felt y'all 
This album, we gon' bubble like Seltzer 
If it ain't Double are, who the hell else is hard?! 

[Chorus: x3]
 Send "Recognize" Ringtone to your Cell