Ah -
It's jumpin off in H-Town, baby

He-he-he
Strictly for the funk lovers, give it to me

And we really want the whole world to see
How it goes..

We want your mind to blow, baby

..when you free your mind and let it float

Let me roooooooooooooll..
We want your mind to blooooow
Just let us hang with you

[ VERSE 1 ]
Hangin in the hood, just shootin the breeze
My partners on the cut smokin swisher sweets
Trippin on the hoochies rollin by in they rides
Guzzlin up a forty ounce of cold St. Ides
Jammin to a tape to my partner had made
'Growin' up in the Hood' bein mixed with Face
Swisher sweet's a killer, feelin nothin but nice
Reached in my pocket for the old school dice
Pulled out a knot and dropped the dice on the flo'
And asked my partner Mike what they hittin fo'
Pulled out a yard and said, "We bettin a dove"
Tee Lee Baby, show your partner some love
Kickin back fadin, put the flame to the joint
3-2, drop baby, 3-2's your point
Back in the do' with a fo' and a ace
Picked up his ends and waved the dice in my face
And then he hollered out "School house!"
Schooled em again, now d's come in ounce
And walked away from the crap game broke
But it ain't no thing, yo - just let a brother smoke

Let me roooooooooooooll..
We want your mind to blooooow
Just got some things to do

[ VERSE 2 ]
Back on the creep after losin some change
Seen my partner [Name], Big Chief and James
Creepin on the boulevard, actin a fool
Trippin on the broads at the old school
Music bumpin hard, never turnin it down
Trunk super tight with surround-by sound
Paint job crackin cause the punch ain't fade
Jammin that brand new 2Low tape
Windows all smokey, blowin coke-laced seed
I'm throwin up the deuce to the HPD
Now they lookin crazy like I sold the hay
Just another day in the heart of S.A.
Roll a little further there, I seen O.G.
With his brother named [Name], S.A. O.G.
They chopped up the hood, so I'm chunkin it back
And then they pulled out a $200 sack
When I saw it I almost choked
Twist your partner one, big baby, just let your partner smoke

Let me roooooooooooooll..
We want your mind to blooooow
We got some things to do

[ VERSE 3 ]
Smokin on some lovely, now I'm feelin fine
It's jumpin off at the 9.9
5th Ward in the house with the S.A. fools
Ain't no set trippin cause we all so cool
Drinkin up the bottle, gettin drunk as a skunk
That 151 just ain't no punk
Hit the stage and grabbed the mic and started flexin styles
A stage full of tight MC's goin buckwild
Now throw your hands in the air like that
On the wheels of steel is my homie Lonnie Mack
Gettin down on his own
Now I'm finna pass my partner Jay the microphone

[ Lil' Jay ]
Throw your hands in the air like that
Northside where you at, where you at, where you at?
Throw your hands in the air like that
Southside where you at, where you at, where you at?
Throw your hands in the air like that
Eastside where you at, where you at, where you at?
Throw your hands in the air like that
Westside where you at, where you at, where you at?

Let me roooooooooooooll..
We want your mind to blooooow
Let me roooooooooooooll..
We want your mind to blooooow
We got some things to do
Just let us hang with you
We some drink for you
My partner Jay's...