Send "Ignorant Shit (feat. Beanie Sigel)" Ringtone to your Cell [Intro: Jay-Z]
Yes sir~! Just the sound of his voice is a hit, heh heh
Y'all niggaz got me really confused out there
I make "Big Pimpin'" or "Give it to Me" one of those
Y'all hail me as the greatest writer of the 21st century
I make some thought provokin shit y'all question whether he fallin off
I'ma really confuse y'all on this one... follow!

[Verse One: Jay-Z]
When them tops come down, chicks tops come down
Like when them shots come out, make cops come around
When them blocks come out I can wake up a small town
Finish off the block then I make my mall rounds
Stares get exchanged then the fifth come out
The tough guy disappear, then the bitch come out
"That's him!" I'm usually what they whisper 'bout
Either what chick he with, or his chip amount
Cause I been doin' this since C*H*I*P*S was out
Watchin Erik Estrada, baggin up at the Ramada
Table full of powder, AC broke
'Bout to take another shower on my twenty-fifth hour
Spike Lee's everywhere, game on the flight
You might see me anywhere, day in the life
Only thing changed the tail number on the flight
I can touch down and take off the same night

[Chorus: Jay-Z]
I'm so bossy, bitch get off me
Trick get off me, you can't get shit off me
I'm so flossy, no 6's or Sprees
Laid back, Maybachs, don't even talk to me
This is that ignorant shit you like
Nigga fuck shit ass bitch trick precise, c'mon
I got that ignorant shit you love
Nigga fuck shit maricón puta and drugs, c'mon
I got that ignorant shit you need
Nigga fuck shit ass bitch trick plus weed, c'mon
I'm only tryin to give you what you want
Nigga fuck shit ass bitch you like it don't front!

[Verse Two: Jay-Z]
They're all actors
Lookin at themselves in the mirror backwards
Can't even face themselves, don't fear no rappers
They're all weirdos, DeNiros in practice
So don't believe everything your earlobe captures; it's mostly backwards
Unless it happens to be as accurate as me
And everything said in song you happen to see
Then, actually, believe half of what you see
None of what you hear, even if it's spat by me
And with that said, I will kill niggaz dead
Cut niggaz short, give you wheels for legs
I'm a K-I-double-L-E-R
See y'all in Hell, shoot niggaz straight through the E.R.
Whoa~! This ain't B.R., no
This S.C. CEO, the next Lyor, no
The next leader of the whole free world
And the first thing I'ma do is free Sigel, go

[Verse Three: Beanie Sigel]
Take off the cuffs, unlock the gate
It's that ignorant nigga that you love to hate
The oh-seven Ice Cube, B. Sig' so rude
Tell a trick get these nuts, eat dick like food
Now see if I care if this verse get aired
Even if you mute it, the curse is there, yeah
I'm so rauncy, bitch get off me
Keep my flea collar on, you lil' ticks get off me

[Verse Four: Jay-Z]
I missed the part when it stopped bein 'bout Imus
What do my lyrics got to do with this shit!
"Scarface" the movie did more than Scarface the rapper to me
So that ain't to blame for all the shit that's happened to me
Are you sayin what I'm spittin
Is worse than these celebrataunts showin they kittin, you kiddin!
Let's stop the bullshittin
'Til we all without sin, let's quit the pulpittin
"Scarface" the movie did more than Scarface the rapper to me
So that ain't to blame for all the shit that's happened to me
Now stop the bullshittin
'Til we all without sin, let's quit the pulpittin

[Chorus: Jay-Z]
This is that ignorant shit you like
Nigga fuck shit ass bitch trick precise, c'mon
I got that ignorant shit you love
Nigga fuck shit maricón puta and drugs, c'mon
I got that ignorant shit you need
Nigga fuck shit ass bitch trick plus weed, c'mon
I'm only tryin to give you what you want
Nigga fuck shit ass bitch you like it don't front!

[Jay-Z]
It's only entertainment! Hehehe
 Send "Ignorant Shit (feat. Beanie Sigel)" Ringtone to your Cell