Mmmhmmmm.. mmmmmm..
Ohh yea yea yea
Ohhhh.. mmmm-mmmhmmmm
I'm movin.. higher ground..

(Ohh) I'm movin on (mmhmm) can't nothin stop me now
(Mmm-yeah) I'm pressin on (higher ground) to higher ground
(MMMM!) Each step I take (oooooh) is a new dawning of
(Ohh, oh-ohh) A brand new day (higher ground) for higher ground

Obstacles and situations, people places and things
I must overcome, cause there's a battle to be won
With my mind set on higher things
These things have become my footstool
I'm determined to reach my goal
I need peace for my soul

(Ohh) I'm movin on (that's why I'm movin on) can't nothin stop me now
(I'm pressin on) I'm pressin on (to higher ground) to higher ground
(MMMM!) Each step I take (each step I take) is a new dawning of
(For my higher place) A brand new day
(On my higher ground) for higher ground

I'm pressin on, the upward way
Brand new heights I'm gaining, eeeeeveryday
No higher place, that I really have found
(Lord plant my feet on) plant my feet on (On higher ground)
Forgetting what (forgetting what, is already behind me)
Is alread be, ohhhh-oooooh-ohhhhohwhoahhhhh
(I'm moving forward) Moving yahyeahh (for what's ahead)

I'm moving on.. can't nothin stop me now (nothing's gonna stop me)
I'm pressing on.. to higher ground (yeah yeah yeah yeah)


Each step I take (ohhhh hohhhh) is a new dawning of (yes it is)
A brand new day (yeahhhh) for higher ground

The race is not given to the swift
Nor the battle to the strong only
But instead (??? ???)
But we gotta stay strong and fight on
Sometimes you feel like your foot might slip
Cause it's too much goin on
Just realize your goal is greater than your struggle
Just hold on and be strong

I'm moving on.. (I'm moving on) can't nothin stop me now
(nothing, no-no-no)
I'm pressing on.. (ooohooohooh) to higher ground (oahhyeahyeahh)
Each step I take (oh is the dawning of a new day)
Is the new dawning of (???)
A brand new day (yeahhyeahh) for higher ground

I'm moving on.. can't nothin stop me now
I'm pressing on.. to higher ground
Each step I take.. is a new dawning of
A brand new day.. for higher ground

Be strong, and fight on
But by all means, keeeeeeeeeeep moving

[Missy] I'm a witness (I'm a witness) for Jesus (nobody but Jesus)
[Missy] When I was down, and no one was there
[Missy] He picked me up, and he carried me
[Missy] I'm a witness (I'm a witness) for Jesus (nobody but Jesus)
[Missy] When I was down, and no one was there
[Missy] He picked me up, and he carried me