Yo, MC Plus Plus, my rhymes are so phat,
I'm PSPACE-complete but I'll reduce you to 3-SAT.
My crew is so hard that we roll in NP,
And bitches dereference my pointer for free.
When I'm linear probing they're like, "Damn that's gigantic,"
I showed it to your mom and she used Hoare semantics.
She jumped like JNE up onto my erection
And I picked up that ho like straight garbage collection.
("That's right, mark-and-sweep on these nuts, bitch.")

My lyrics get stolen by sucker MCs,
I gotta sign my rhymes with PGP;
But I keep on generatin' like a CFG
'Cause there's so much drama in the PhD.

What's wrong MC Plus Plus, am I making you nervous?
Even skanky fat hoes give you denial of service.
You'll probably go to jail before you write your dissertation
So prepare your asshole for some internal fragmentation;
&lt;Uhhh&gt; Penetration, as they fill it up with jism,
It's too bad you aren't closed under homomorphism.
Your problem, Plus Plus, is that your typing isn't strict:
In ML my type is real and your type is 'a dict.

I control my flow better than TCP,
I rep the west coast like Eazy-E,
You best not front if you can't pass the GRE,
'Cause there's so much drama in the PhD.

My flow is so intense that I will overflow your buffer,
Corrupt your stack pointer makin' all your data suffer.
I've got saturated edges but your flow is sparser,
Real gangstas sip on Yacc; instead you generate a parser.
While you're busy poppin' stacks I'll pop a cap in your skull,
While you smoke your crack pipe I'm gonna pipe you to /dev/null.
I may not have a label but I rap like a star;
I'm an unsigned long int and you're an 8-bit char.

Your mom circulates like a public key,
Servicing more requests than HTTP.
She keeps all her ports open like Windows ME,
Oh, there's so much drama in the PhD.

DWORD to your moms, I came to drop bombs;
I've got more rhymes that San Jose's got dotcoms.
I rep the Farm like 50 reps Queens,
With more power than multitape Turing Machines.
Blowin' up the rap scene faster than factorial functions,
I'm dope like PNP transistors and I'll saturate your junctions.
By the time you've rhymed one line, I've already busted ten;
You rap in exponential time and I'm big-O of log(n).

I run gmake and gcc,
And I ain't never called malloc without calling free.
I'll beat your ass until it's colored like a red-black tree
'Cause there's so much drama in the PhD.