Send "Warriorz" Ringtone to your Cell Yeah!! (ooh shit!)
You know who the fuck this is?
It's the hardest, spittin'...
M.o.p.

[Chorus]
Warrior! come out and play nigga!
I'm callin' ya! what you say nigga?
All of ya! lead the way nigga!
I'm warning ya! fuck it, today's the day nigga!
Warrior! yes, come out and play nigga!
I'm callin' ya! huh, what you say nigga?
All of ya! yeah, lead the way nigga!
I'm warning ya! huh, today's the day nigga!

Well if ya backdrop pedal kick, niggaz betta get in the clear
Ain't nobody stoppin' this here dude, you click is mad thick
Fuckin' my dog here! keep thinkin' I'ma bitchin'
And fuckin' 'em right here! in the middle of the street

Can see the rhythm beat and when I'm blazin' my heat
You know it ain't nothin' sweet
I'm betrayed by them old timerz, I know you know
I still throw it down for the fear, for real (for sho!)

Burned down your empire, physicnantal school
When I jump about the roof with a cuh (fi-re!!) a-yah
Got a gift for you, you like presents?
Let's keep in mind every gift is in the blessin'

I hope your motherfuckin' insurance is paid up!
I put you in the box, are you chillin'? blade up!
You heard me tell 'em blade up!
As the bright light blind ya
Free of flowin' them bitches is comin' right behind ya

[Chorus]
Warrior! come out and play nigga!
I'm callin' ya! huh, what you say nigga?
All of ya! fuck it, lead the way nigga!
I'm warning ya! yeah, today's the day nigga!
Warrior! yes, come out and play nigga!
I'm callin' ya! huh, what you sat nigga?
All of ya! fuck it, lead the way nigga!
I'm warning ya! ahh, today's the day nigga!

I heard ya ass ringin' up for months
On a beatmachine with a shipbag and a rv
Try me motherfucker, keep talkin shit like I'm parrot up
Put metal when your capitat, you're sittin' of a ba-?-

Twenty-four years of pain, bitch fame is a loner
I've finished up school in the streets, fuck a diploma
Game over! nigga, that's a fact bitch
Tell it ain't inadequate, the level want to track bitch

I back bitch (ahh), see I'm a veteran get your medal in
Meet me on the corner or you black so will you settle this?
I hope your family got love for you soldier
'Cause one of them gon' be your organ donor (for real!)

Look here, I reckon hollow point slow, dive at 'em, live at 'em
Cocked back and spit five at 'em (rock it now!)
Whole teeth puttin' it work
I'll knock the sole out your motherfuckin' ass

And put your body in the earth (set 'em straight!)

Let's see how many of you motherfuckers hold weight
Crimination got my niggaz on a mission
Erh walk through on ya (fire!!), talk to on ya (fire!!)
Niggaz it's the one man arsenal (they don't want to watchin' you!)

Ain't no tellin' what a nigga with heart'll do
I master the art of war, step to niggaz up
That sent me automatics, squeezin' the fo' fo'
I'm from brownsville, dude

I ain't gotta remind you niggaz where I'm from
When you cowards ridin' your kinda niggaz
And lord knows I raise hell to the best of my ability
It ain't no motherfuckin' killin' me

You feelin' me? motherfucker pay homage
I put down down the rules of ms. watt criminal carnage
I have your ass hypernatin'
Just for fuckin' with mr. fo' five when he relax and vacatin'

I'm a hunt for you, put my gun for you, get back
Fuck a orange vest, just my weapon on a six-pack (pack!)
Ville! that's how we do down here (browns kill!)
You come fuck around here, brooklyn!

[Chorus]
Warrior! come out and play nigga!
I'm callin' ya! huh, what you say nigga?
All of ya! shesh, lead the way nigga!
I'm warning ya! fuck it, today's the day nigga!
Warrior! uh, come out and play nigga!
I'm callin' ya! shesh, what you say nigga?
All of ya! fuck it, lead the way nigga!
I'm warning ya! ahh, today's the day nigga!

Hahaha
Have I told you I forgot
Yeah!
To be your lover

Have I told you..
That's it, now's all
Uhh!
Salute

You motherfuckin' venom!
Uhh!
You motherfuckin' venom, get back!
You motherfuckin'..

Where the bag? where the bag?
Where the bag? where the bag?
You motherfuckers is garbage!
When the fuck? where the fuck?

What the fuck? uhh (you motherfuckers is comic!)
Hahahahaha (what the fucker!!!)
Yeah!
To be your lover

Have I told you
Have I told you, yeah yeah
Lover!! sorry!

Be your lover
Have I told you..
Have I told you..
Have I told you I forgot

To be your lover
Have I told you..
 Send "Warriorz" Ringtone to your Cell