Send "Lights, Camera, Action!" Ringtone to your Cell [Mr. Cheeks]
I'm talkin to these motherfuckers
Yea, ok
Yea, ooh, ooh (This one's a vivrant thing)
LB, G.I. one fam, oh my (Bounce with me now)
Big, dawg, hot (I'm talkin, this gone be somethin now)
Mr. Cheeks, whoo (I'm talkin lights, camera, action)
Ohhhh Kay (Get down now)
Big dawg now one shot deal shit

[Verse 1]
Yea, ok
Now I'm in the spot where I wanna be
Money spent, niggas gettin bent, chicks in front of me
Just the way I like it, hunnies turnin somethin
I got a seat up in the cut and I'm burnin somethin
Booties dancin 'round a nigga and I'm killin one
Killin one from the top of the stash and I'm feelin buns
Plus I'm do' low at a table - I'm fuckin with this chick,
with a phat body and the ring up in her navel
Dances around, she struts with the "fuck" walk
Touches her toes, and she can make her butt talk
Do whatcha gotta do, I ain't mad at 'chu
Know a lot of haters when they seen and as bad as you
You's a real bad girl, a nigga need that
Sippin on ya Henny, askin where the weed at
Lemme put you onto somethin
You fuckin with a big nigga, no frontin

[Chorus 2x]
Uh shorty, turn it around lemme see somethin
Fuckin with me for real, it's gone be somethin
Yea, I'm talkin lights, camera, action
Had me singin "I'm sorry Ms. Jackson"

[Verse 2]
I love the way it's goin down she got the thong on
She started bouncin more once she heard the "Thong Song"
Them high heels got them calves lookin right too
Shorty come live with me for the night true
Shit I'm only tryin to holla - it's only right you holla back
So where you headed lemme follow that
Now word up I got plans for you
It's more than my tongue and my hands'll do
The way you move to the music - it make a nigga wanna,
take you up outta here, go somewhere, loose it
And your physique is off the chain
It's gonna be hard gettin you off the brain
I mean we could take a drive in the X5
The way you boogie on the floor, know that sex slide
You's a dime piece, I'm tryin to see somethin
Suck your t's and in your front and lemme squeeze somethin

[Chorus 2x]
Uh shorty, turn it around lemme see somethin
Fuckin with me for real it's gone be somethin
Hey, I'm talkin lights, camera, action
Had me singin "I'm sorry Ms. Jackson"

[Verse 3]
I got a few hours left 'til a nigga jet
And I'm hopin that it's you that a nigga get
Hear them callin out ya name, I geuss ya showtime
Get'cha money shorty, lemme see you pole climb
Toes out, back showin off the tat-toooo
Fuck the dumb shit, a nigga had to snatch youuuu
Lookin as good as ya smell, pay your own bills
Ask officer, cuz your pushin your own wheels
Yea I'm feelin you tryin to see the deal with you
What's goin on, later on, can I chill with you?
We can do anything that you wanna do
You know the way a nigga feel, all I want is you
Get ya dance on
Love the way you make the moves with no pants on
Let's ride!
Bounce to ya man's song
Let's get to goin, it's goin on before the chance gone
Next stop

[Chorus 4x]
Uh shorty, turn it around lemme see somethin
Fuckin with me for real, it's gone be somethin
Hey, I'm talkin lights, camera, action
Had me singin "I'm sorry Ms. Jackson"

[Mr. Cheeks]
Yo, turn with me now
Do my thing, hey swing with me now
Big dawg now, one shot deal shit
Keep it tight, and this is how we steal shit
It's that real shit, it's that new shit
How we come thru shit
Mr. Sexy keep shit hot with us
Let's go get it, niggas tryed to come get us
Back, niggas know my fuckin style
Got the booties in the back, HEY meanwhile
We just suckin and smokin and drinkin
Hey man, what the fuck is they thinkin
Aww shit, we's high tonite
Well my nigga said "Let's ride tonite"
We out in Miami
We in New York
Twist the cap, pop the cork
Yea shorty, lemme see somethin
Fuckin with me and my team, yea it's gone be somethin
I'm talkin 'bout lights, camera, action
Had a nigga singin "I'm sorry Ms. Jackson"
Yea, oh, ha-ha, sorry Ms. Jackson
Shorty actin like she ready for some action
 Send "Lights, Camera, Action!" Ringtone to your Cell