Right about now, N.W.A court is in full effect, Judge Dre presiding.
In the case of N.W.A versus the police department, the prosecuting attorneys are: MC Ren, Ice Cube, and Eazy Mothafuckin' E.
Order, order, order!
Ice Cube, take the mothafuckin' stand.
Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothin' but the truth, so help your black ass?
You're goddamn right!

Won't you tell everybody what the fuck you gotta say.

Ice Cube
Fuck the police comin' straight from the underground
Young nigger got it bad 'cause I'm brown
And not the other color some police think
They have the authority to kill a minority

Fuck that shit 'cause I ain't the one
For a punk motherfucker with a badge and a gun
To be beaten on and thrown in jail
We can go toe to toe in the middle of a cell

Fuckin' with me 'cause I'm a teenager
With a little bit of gold and a pager
Searchin' my car, lookin' for the product
Thinkin' every nigger is sellin' narcotics

You'd rather see me in the pen
Than me and Lorenzo rollin' in a Benz-o
Beat up police out of shape
And when I'm finished, bring the yellow tape

To tape off the scene of the slaughter
Still gettin' swoll' off bread and water
I don't know, if they fags or what
Search a nigger down, and grabbin' his nuts

And on the other hand, without a gun they can't get none
But don't let it be a black and a white one
'Cause they'll slam ya down to the street top
Black police showin' out for the white cop

Ice Cube will swarm
On any motherfucker in a blue uniform
Just 'cause I'm from the CPT}
Punk police are afraid of me, huh

A young nigger on the warpath
And when I finish, it's gonna be a bloodbath
Of cops, dyin' in L.A.
Yo Dre, I got something to say

Fuck tha Police
Fuck tha Police
Fuck tha Police
Fuck tha Police

Scene I
Pull your goddamn ass over right now.
Aw, shit, and what the fuck you pullin' me over for?
 'Cause I feel like it, just sit your ass on the curb and shut the fuck up!
Man, fuck this shit.
Alright smart-ass, I'm takin' your black ass to jail.

MC Ren, will you please give your testimony to the jury about this fucked up incident?

MC Ren
Fuck the police and Ren said it with authority
Because the niggers on the street is a majority
A gang, that's wit whoever I'm steppin'
And a motherfuckin' weapon is kept in

A stash box for the so called law
Wishin' Ren was a nigger that they never saw
Lights all flashin' behind me
But they're scared of a nigger so they mace to blind me

But that shit don't work, I just laugh
Because it gives 'em a hint, not to step in my path
To police, I'm sayin', "Fuck you punk!"
Readin' my rights and shit, it's all junk

Pullin' out a silly club, so you stand
With a fake-assed badge and a gun in your hand
But take off the gun so you can see what's up
And we'll go at it, punk, and I'ma fuck you up

Make you think I'ma kick your ass
But drop your gat and Ren's gonna blast
I'm sneaky as fuck when it comes to crime
But I'ma smoke 'em now and not next time

Smoke any motherfucker that sweats me
And any asshole that threatens me
I'm a sniper with a hell of a scope
Takin' out a cop or two that can't cope with me

The motherfuckin' villain that's mad
With potential to get bad as fuck
So I'ma turn it around
Put in my clip, yo and this is the sound 

(AK47 Gunshots) Yeah, somethin' like that
But it all depends on the size of the gat
Takin' out a police would make my day
But a nigger like Ren don't give a fuck to say

Fuck tha Police
Fuck tha Police
Fuck tha Police
Fuck tha Police

Scene II
Yo man, whatcha need?
Police, open now (oh shit), we have a warrant for Eazy-E's arrest.
Oh shit.
Get down and put your hands up where I can see 'em!
Man, what did I do?
Just shut the fuck up and get yo' motherfuckin' ass on the floor.
But I didn't do shit.
Man, just shut the fuck up.

Eazy E, won't you step up to the stand and tell the jury how you feel about this bullshit?

Eazy-E
I'm tired of the motherfuckin' jackets
Sweatin' my gang while I'm chillin' in the shack an'
Shinin' the light in my face and for what
Maybe it's because I kick so much butt

I kick ass, or maybe it's 'cause I blast
Oh a stupid-assed nigger when I'm playing with the trigger
Of an Uzi or an AK
'Cause the police always got somethin' stupid to say

They put up my picture with silence
'Cause my identity by itself causes violence
The E with the criminal behavior
Yeah, I'm a gangster, but still I got flavor

Without a gun and a badge, what do you got
A sucker in uniform waitin' to get shot
By me, or another nigger
And with a gat, it don't matter if he's smaller or bigger

(Size don't mean shit, he's from the old school, fool)
And as you all know, E's here to rule
Whenever I'm rollin', keep lookin' in the mirror
And ears on cue, yo, so I can hear a

Dumb motherfucker with a gun
And if I'm rollin' off the eight, he'll be the one
That I take out, and then get away
While I'm driving off laughin', this is what I'll say

Fuck tha Police
Fuck tha Police
Fuck tha Police
Fuck tha Police

The Verdict
The jury has found you guilty of being a red-neck, white-bread, chicken-shit motherfucker.
That's a lie! that's a goddamn lie!
Get him out of here!
I want justice!
Get him the fuck out of my face.
I want justice!
Out right now!
Fuck you, you black motherfuckerrrrrrrrrrr!

Fuck tha Police
Fuck tha Police
Fuck tha Police