[Murs]

I got my backpacks back, packed, sitting by the front door,
iPod, laptop, socks and drawers.
The stuff that you need when you're out on tour,
home for one month, then gone for two more.
I'm a rolling stone that's gathering green,
cuz my home is known for packin' them teens,
and from show to show I'm glad to be seen,
but my home is home, I'm lacking esteem.
But on the real I got some bills to pay,
my cable just got shut off the other day.
Voice mail gotta million messages to play,
homies and the haters gotta whole lot to say.
And, oh, I just love it cuz my life's so public,
my business in the street and they think nothing of it.
And, no, I'm not complainin', Imma keep campaignin'
'till I reach my goal or I go insane

[Chorus]

And the road is my religion,Imma keep on sinnin,
hope to God I'm forgiven for the way that I'm livin'
The roads and the women and the wheels keep spinnin'
still I won't be forgiven for the way that I'm livin'

[Murs]

I'm on a ... to american flight,
and I won't be long, so you know I pack light.
But still I might miss you, on the ways that I kiss you
gotta know that I love you cuz I left my heart with you.
The night before I leave for a couple of weeks,
hear you cryin and you sneeze, taste the tears on you cheeks.
It's sweet, .....
makes me miss my woman and the home-cook dinner and...
I wish I never had to leave,
perform for these crowds with my heart on my sleeve.
But you still believe and they say you're naive
so I gotta keep the faith for every breath that I breathe.
It needs to be said that it's just not easy,
every night - different city, different women wanna please me
I keep it true while I walk on through,
say my prayers and go to sleep after talking to you !

[Chorus]

And the road is my religion,Imma keep on sinnin,
hope to God I'm forgiven for the way that I'm livin'
The roads and the women and the wheels keep spinnin'
still I won't be forgiven for the way that I'm livin'

[Murs]

Standin' at the truck stop, watchin' them hits,
rednecks and truck drivers look at me and spit.
I'm like "This is it, this is the life that I chose,
100 days at home, 200 days on the road"
But I guess I'm addicted cuz I really start to miss it,
don't know where I'm chasin', but I know I gotta get it.
It ain't about fame or a couple of games
or a million different faces with a thousand different names.
Ain't about praise or them hands being raised,
to me it's just a job and I'm glad that it pays.
But when the road starts to call in the spring and the fall,
if I don't holla back then my schemes start to fall.
But when I get that ... I gotta pack my bags,
... to go home, hotels and ...
Can't lose my religion cuz it's all that I have,
I keep runnin' worldwide 'till I run out of gas !

[Chorus]

And the road is my religion,Imma keep on sinnin,
hope to God I'm forgiven for the way that I'm livin'
The roads and the women and the wheels keep spinnin'
still I won't be forgiven for the way that I'm livin'