"Well it's the Funk Docta Spock.."
  "Meth-Tical.."
 "Biggie.. Biggie.." (mmmhmmmmmm)
 
 [Notorious B.I.G.]
 Uhh.. uhh.. uhh.. (yo c'mon Big) uhh..
 Fuck that, I preach it, my nine reaches
 the prestigious, cats that speak this, Willie shit
 Flooded pieces, my hand releases, snatches
 Smack ya cabbage, half-ass rappers, shouldn't have it
 So I grab it, never run, the outcome
 is usually, a beatdown brutally, fuck who you be
 or where you're from, West or East coast, squeeze toast
 Leave most in the blood they layin in, what, what?
 The rings and things you sing about, bring 'em out
 It's hard to yell when the barrel's in your mouth
 It's more than I expected, I thought your jewels was rented
 but they wasn't, so run it, cousin
 I could chill, the heat doesn't
 Ran up in your shell about a dozen
 You never see bank like Frank White
 Your hand clutchin, your chest-plate contemplate
 You 'bout to die, nigga wait, keep yo' hands high
 
 [Redman]
 Yo.. yo yo
 I don't brownnose out of town hoes
 I'm up around fo' with the crowbar to the five point oh
 I get bagged, I'm John Doe, suspect
 You ass like prime roastin, Calvin Klein clothes
 Explode the pyros when Doc guest appear
 I'm out there, I bought it with George Jetson here
 Your time is near, so get your body dropped off
 I stopped trustin niggaz since Gotti got caught
 It's Bricks keep your wrist covered, or piss colored
 By the waist got a gun as dark as Kris brother
 I.C.U., my sheisty crew, like ice me too
 I break your legs, leave your eyes slightly blue
 The Doc was born with a grenade palm
 I'm concurrent in your hood like a, teenage mom
 Yo Biggie (what? what?) She havin my bay-bayy
 If I pull out the A.K., keep your hands high
 
  "This rule is so underrated.." -> B.I.G.
  "Actin as if it can't happen, you're frontin" -> Meth
  "Ain't no other kings in this rap thing.." -> B.I.G.
  "Biggie, a motherfuckin rap phenomenon" -> B.I.G.
  (repeat all 2X)
 
 [Notorious B.I.G.]
 Uhh, uhh
 I got a new mouth to feed, I'm due South with keys
 Y'all pick seeds out y'all weed, I watch cowards bleed
 Motherfucker please, it's my block with my rocks
 Fuck that hip-hop, them one-two's, and you don't stops
 Me and my nigga Lance, took Kim and Cee's advance
 Bought ten bricks, four pounds of weed plants
 from Branson, now we lampin, twelve room mansion
 Bitches get naked off "Get Money", "Player's Anthem"
 Don't forget, "One More Chance" and, my other hits, other shit
 niggaz spit be counterfeit, robbery come actually
 in and out like fuckin rapidly, pass the gat to me
 Make his chest rest, where his back should be, talkin blasphemy
 Blastin me, your family, rest in coffins often
 Frank Wizzard, fuck you soft or fragilla
 Play hard like Reggie Miller, rapper, slash dope dealer
 slash Gorilla, slash illest turned killer
 
 [Method Man]
 Now now
 Don't approach me with that rah rah shit, you out of pocket
 I take these adolescents back to Spofford
 Mentally my energy, is like a figure eight, on it's side
 that's infinity -- too many sick niggaz, nickel nines;
 bring the remedy -- when you play the field, what's the penalty
 Unnecessary roughness, career endin injuries for suckers
 Stuck on stupid, shoot em with a dart like Cupid
 until they got love for my music
 Star Wars I'm Han Solo, with three egoes
 and three charges, I got to "See-three-P.O.'s"
 This is whoop-yo'-ass-day, the sequel
 Eyeball blower with no equal, niggaz swingin swords in the WAR
 that's my people, sho' nuff, befo' I roll up
 This is a hold up, hands high, reach for the sky
 I rep S.I., the unpretty, word to Left Eye
 New York Shitty, put they weight on it
 And who better for the job than Biggie?  The Notorious
 Jeee-zus, "Unbelievable" rhyme that reaches
 and touch individual, small frame buck and change
 MC, What's-Your-Name, tuck your chain
 All about the fortune, fuck the fame, labels still extortin
 Kick me when I'm down, but I'm up again, scorchin
 Hot -- forcin my way up in the door
 to kill the bullshit like a matador
 Keep your hands high (what?)