Yo, check it out
I want you to pay attention to this
Know what I'm saying, listen up, alright?


You bust lead? So do I, except mine impregnates the page
Giving birth to thoughts that unify
You fuck little girls, I make love to women
My words uplift, yours are poisonous like venom
I'm an emcee, you're a rapper
I'm as real as they come
While half the guys you idolize are just actors
You run from commitment, I remain loyal
You call women bitches
I call them queens because they're royal
You make rap songs, I make soul music
When God speaks through rhythm, will you go to it
Yo I save my cash; yours, you blow through it
I say your child's special, you say he's so stupid
I'm pouring my heart out in everything written
You're scared you'll look soft, heart remains hidden
Yo on touchy subjects nerves I stay hittin'
But I ain't better than you, I just think different


Is the glass half full or half empty?
It's based on your perspective quite simply
We're the same and we're not, know what I'm saying? Listen
So I ain't better than you, I just think different


My fam run things, while you run your jewelry
My people pop lock, you tough guys pop toolies
You rock gems, I drop gems
You Xerox copying while I originate material to stimulate
Positive thought patterns when the chosen start gathering
We bar none
Yo I got jokes, you are one
I'm out doing it while you talk about it
I'm constantly in the mix while you walk around it
You try, I do
I'm wise, you're clueless
I get the job done, you fail and make excuses
I'm a gentleman, your behavior's abusive
I'm patient, you're jumping the gun, false start
You're caught up in dress codes, I'll shop at Wal-Mart
Sucker, I'm all heart and you're half-hearted
You suckas are vandals, we graf artist
Thought you had the last laugh but we laugh hardest


Is the glass half full or half empty?
It's based on your perspective quite simply
We're the same and we're not, know what I'm saying? Listen
So I ain't better than you, I just think different


You fall in love with body parts, I connect mentally
With my female counterpart before we bond physically
Cats I chill with rap about revolution
While you rap about drug abuse and distribution
You wanna be like Mike, yo I wanna be me
My queen's hard to obtain while yours is easy
We both from Maryland but be reppin' D.C.
We all front sometimes, that's how emcees be
My word is bond and yours is worthless
You're mainstream, I'm beneath the surface
I stay working hard while you're hardly workin'
All you want is money and your dick sucked, are you certain?
I want a better world for our seeds to live in
I put faith in myself, not the system
Yo, we trying to travel so why you making pit stops?
You cats is rap and I'm hip-hop


Is the glass half full or half empty?
It's based on your perspective quite simply
We're the same and we're not, know what I'm saying? Listen
So I ain't better than you, I just think different