Psst... hey, listen! 
Lalalalala! I love my job. Whoo! Makes me feel like Superman!
Can you fly? I can. Wanna see? 

[Chorus] 
I'm only entertaining you 
My goal is to stimulate, making you high 
And take you and I 
To a place you can't see 
But I believe you can fly 
I don't mean nobody harm, I'm just partying 
I'm not your dad, not your mom, not your guardian 
Just a man who's on the mic 
So let me entertain you... 

[Eminem] 
My lyrical content is constantly under fire 
No wonder why I constantly bomb back 
To combat attacks with constant concepts 
When lyrics are constantly took outta context 
Failure to communicate with congress has 
Been a problem for the longest, I guess 
But maybe one day we can make some progress 
Food for thought - see how long it takes to digest 
Feeling good when I should be ashamed 
Sh*t, I really should've fell but I stood 
See I came like a flame in the night 
Like a ghost in the dark; there's a ray, there's a light 
There's a hope, there's a spark 
But when planets collide they'll never see eye to eye 
Until they decide to set their differences aside 
And this is why only one of us will survive 
So children follow my lead and feel the vibe, cause 

[Chorus] 

[Eminem] 
My music can be slightly amusing 
You shouldn't take lyrics so serious, it might be confusing 
Just trying to seperate the truth from entertainment 
It's stupid, ain't it? I get sick of trying to explain it 
See I could sit and argue with you but it goes beyond 
Just being a snot, pointy-nosed bleach-blond 
Cause I came here to uplift; let your woes be gone, 
Tell 'em to get fu*ked and just mosie on 
Constantly moving, constantly using the constitution 
As a form of restitution 
Bless the children, nothing less than brilliant 
Let me entertain you like Robbie Williams 
I'll be here when y'all are gone, rebuilding, 
World revolving, still evolving, still Slim 
How many kids'll copy? Probably millions, 
But I'ma do this as a fu*king hobby till then, cause 

[Chorus] 

[Eminem] 
My lyrical content contains subject matter 
That sucks up all these fu*ked up young kids 
At an alarming rate; common denominate 
Add it up and you'll see just why I dominate 
I try to stimulate but kids emulate, 
And mimmick every move you make - "Slim, you great!" 
But wait, can't you see I'm only here to entertain? 
I gotta be the one to go against the grain 
Cause man, I see it, feel it, live it, but it's inhumane 
For me to see you be influenced but pretend you ain't 
But they don't understand that I've been through pain 
If you get to know me I could be a friend you gain 
But you can't just stand there and try to judge 
It hurts but you're jealousy probably tears you up inside as much 
And it's such a pleasure, every button that I touch 
I treasure every glutton that I punish in my lust, but 

[Chorus]