[Intro]
Diamonds On My Damn Chain! It Aint Hard To Tell!

[Chorus]
Diamonds In My Damn Chain!
Diamonds In My Damn Chain!
I'm like ooh daddy, I see you do the damn thang'
Got my vote, I'm feelin' ya campaign
I like you but, I really like your damn chain!
Diamonds In My Damn Chain!
Diamonds In My Damn Chain!
It kinda explains the way she be actin'
She liked my necklace so she started relaxin'
Now that's what the fuck I call a chain reaction!

[Verse 1 - Fabolous]
Yo, You think they like me now, wait until the light hit me
I bet the house somebody girl spend the night with me
They gota love it, if not, then I guess they haters
This kinda necklace'll turn on the investigators
They ain't got one problem with this
Square face watch look like Sponge Bob on the wrist
One white, one gold, one nice, untold
You can look but don't touch, Guns might unload, now-I respect them thugs who get the jackin' on
But we squeeze set every slug that we be packin's long
Ya boy got the drug money we be stackin on
Lotta carrots, not the one's Bugs Bunny snackin' on
Got em, get em close and, lookin' like I scooped up-the Titanic chain, from the bottom of the ocean
I play them diamonds well when I got dat jewelery on
they should call me Parot Jeter, maybe Canary Bonds

[Chorus]

[Verse 2 - Young Jeezy]
Damn, what happened? he blindin' err'body
Hey it must be Jeezy out shinin' err' body (yup)
ready for the show, you can call me the light man
(diamonds on my damn chain)
you can call me the bright man
see I dont do ?brightless?, I do ?AP's?
yea I spend G's on all these VV's
blowin' on chief, yea I got it from Harlem
12 carrot pinky ring, shit I got it from ?Robert?
step it up a notch, iced out ski mask
places in the projects to hide my weed stash
dominican chick, shit I got her from Fab
yellow stones in my chain so I call it the cab

[Chorus]

[Verse 3 - Fabolous]
Yo, maybe it's them VV's, cuz' they sets Susters'
Sit on the next bus like that show on MTV
The wings on the chain, make a n**** fly like the wings on a plane
When you sittin in between em'
they hittin' when you clean em', Glitenin' when you seen em'
Beemin' through the tints when I'm sittin in the "Phenom"'
Oops! I mean Phantom, my words got tangled man
But this Tiger strike watch, make ya bitch a Bangles' fan
We all know Jacob, check the shit he did
We spent more time, "Making The Band" than Diddy did
You feel my campaign, then drop your old spouse
I'm out in DC, at the "White and Gold House" (White and Gold House)...
Wanna convince me love?, Secret Service me with some of that Lewinsky love
She saw the chain, gave me brain, no strain ever since
Now that's what the fuck I call a good "Chain of Events"! N****!

[Chorus]

[Outro]
Diamonds On My Damn Chain! It Aint Hard To Tell!