(Intro - Lil' Jon) + (Pitbull)
Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Lets go (Let's go)
Right about now, we need all the ladies to hit the danceflo'
(Dominicana) If you got a big ol' booty (Mexicana)
And you like to set that motherfucker, let's go!
Pitbull, Lil' Jon, Heey, Heey!

(Hook - Pitbull)
Ahora que si, esa hevita esta enterita tiene tremendo CULO!
esta tan linda, esta tan rica, tiene tremendo CULO!
que rica chiquita, pero que importa si tiene tremendo CULO!
hasme el favor y meneate chica tienes tremendo CULO!

(Verse One - Pitbull) + (Lil' Jon)
Pull up to the club, walk in then I
Pull up to the bar, get drinks then I
Pull up to a broad let her know what it is
how it is, why it is, what it is, (Hey hey hey hey)
I ain't got time for no games, I'm hopin' mami that you feel the same
I got what you need to feel the pain
Here's my number call me when you're up for an even exchange
FEEL ME, let me see you do that dirty dance, dirty dance
Mami, feel me let me see you touch your toes
or shake that thing and talk wit' your ass 
FEEL ME! all my chicos, all my Jamaicans
(Put your hands up) all my haitians
Cause they know I'mma rep' 'til the day that they kill me PULL UP!

(Hook - Pitbull)
Esa hevita esta enterita tiene tremendo CULO!
esta tan linda, esta tan rica, tiene tremendo CULO!
que rica chiquita, pero que importa si tiene tremendo CULO!
hasme el favor y meneate chica tienes tremendo CULO!

(Vesre Two - Pitbull) + (Lil' Jon)
Mami got the ass and thighs like Trina and J. Lo
Multiply it she's off the chain
off the glass, off the flip andd
with a couple more drinks I'll be off the hip maaayn...
I'll be wearin' her out and when I'm finished
paramedics gon' be carryin' her out maaayn... (That's right)
The night is young, and if you shave (Hey hey hey hey hey)
I'll give you some of this mighty toungue heey..
Be easy, go ahead please me, talk to me sleezy baby (Yeah)
I wanna freak, a monster in bed, last thing I need is a lady

(Hook - Pitbull) (2X)
esa hevita esta enterita tiene tremendo CULO!
esta tan linda, esta tan rica, tiene tremendo CULO!
que rica chiquita, pero que importa si tiene tremendo CULO!
hasme el favor y meneate chica tienes tremendo CULO!

(Outro - Lil' Jon)
Culo, hey, hey, hey, hey shake that shit hey
hey, hey, hey, hey shake that shit hey
hey, hey, hey, hey shake that shit hey
hey, hey, hey, hey shake that shit hey