[Calm Down! Down!
Calm Down! Thats what I, wanna do]

[You gots ta chill]

Was the last words he heard
Headin' out the door on December 31st
7 am, cause big worms for early birds
Didn’t wake his wife, didn’t wanna worry her
While she sound asleep in IKEA furniture
Law wire fences protectin her from burglars
Besides, this business is personal
He done dirt for so long, he can't get no dirtier
[Calm Down!]
Is he still dreamin?
Or is somebody singing, will he still leavin?
Cause nobody is around so his ears must deceive him
Open the garage and, jump in the BM
Cuttin and speedin
Drivin up the streets like swimming up a stream.
So hard to get through the cross town traffic
It's ill enough to scream

[Down!]

Know what I mean

[You gots ta chill]

Na, he's disregarding every warning
On a side of the road, livin way out of the margin
Flashin his headlights,
Not stoppin at red lights
A sharp left turn almost hit a kid’s bike
Breathe deep I don't need beep from the cops already
Can’t afford pullin up or gettin stopped, forget it

[Calm Down!]

With the car full of explosives
Survivin' the slightest impact what are the prognosis?
Not good so knock wood and spit over my shoulder
Don’t look bike tough I fell pity when its over
Life’s been hell ever since that letter in October
Saying I’m fired but it was getting even colder
When the doctor called sayin you ain’t gettin any older
You got numerous tumours in your stomach and your colon
I give you three months and it might be prolong
With the right treatment and a reason to hold on
Off the records, probably job related
But don’t waste time pressin charges, cause my bill who paid it?
The company of course
I’m here to the keep the work force
Not well but affected and
Well you've been selected
By natural selection
If it's less than you expected,
Sorry, official reason of recession
You gots to go another way of I expressing
Our gratitude, take these two when your depressed and

[Calm Down
That’s what i wanna do, now.
Calm Down, That’s what I, wanna do
Down. Down. Aaaaah]

[You gots ta chill]

Fuck that I gots kill
My boss and my doctor with his doctor bills
Tellin me to pap some pills with three months left
They never saw me in life but they'll see my death
As he made another left
He saw that big billboard that he helped design
It made him wanna kill more
Next, he saw them big-ass letters
IKEA, king of the business centre
He ran his car to the entrance of that blue and yellow building
That still will be his death when the blewing finally killed him
And then on the twelve o'clock news
It was the war on terror and all hell broke loose
He was a suicide bomber killin himself and two more persons
A guard a cleaner, injuring some clerks and the boss gave a speech
To his people were he urged them
Best thing we can to is just go back to work and

CALM, DOWN

[That’s what I want, wanna do, down
Calm Down, that's what I, wanna do]

Yes, brought to you with the official, stamp of approval and quality from the waxcabinet.
DJ EmBee. Promoe, LoopTroop rockers DVSG's.
Tellin y'all to Calm Down, before it's to late, and you really calm down