[Rakim]
Yeah, it's the god Rakim
Word up, I'm blazin this out to all my comrades
Yanamean? From the slums of New York, to the gutters all over the world
This is for y'all....
Through my travels I try to take righteous steps
Because right or left could mean life or death
No matter how trife it get, my sights is set
But it's twice the threat when the ?nights is death?
My mental windows refuse to close, they get exposed
To the neighborhood info where the poison wind blows
A deadly plague spreadin negativity, viciously
Unto every city be in ghetto misery
Don't let it get to me, the writer be left to die
But it get mesmerize if it catch your eye
Shines enormous, from pure revered Kool's and garments
But it's torment, jealousy drug wars or warring
Tallying, slowly turnin into barbarians
More scary when the whole boulevard's carryin
Livin in the world of sin, my ghetto girls and men
Waiting for the world to end

[Chorus] 2x
"Tryin to paint a perfect picture and excel"
"In case you didn't know"
"Never movin backwards" [Rakim]
"Complicated" [Rakim] 
"Know what I mean?" [Rakim]

I see destruc-tion, even little kids trust none
They bust guns, that's what they get a rush from
When I see em, we build and have a real discussion
"Yo Ra, what's the jewel of the day?" "What up, son"
"You got ambition?" Shorty said, "Man listen
I got demands for livin, can't stand division
Make grands on my mission, till everything glisten
Women in the Expedition, no plans for prison
In a vision the city get, 2 milleni G
Sittin in my MSC sippin Hennesy
Gettin high, and watch life pass me by"
So I asked him why, wit a fast reply
He said "I'm livin just to die without any feelings
So I wait here for my Maker till it's time to go
Wit this dime I know
Wit all of her girls and all of my mens
Waitin for the world to end"

Chorus 2x

Shorty was taught to keep his head to the sky, and never cry
But the streets left him to die, now it's death in his eye
Livin a sin of hitmen, a sinister grin
From be-ginning to end, in it to win
Evil rebels, doin what we doin in the ghetto
Thinkin if we was thorough we can deceive the devil
You can't win, your life be end, try again
Shorty said, "Why we born again to die again?"
That's what I said when I realized I had a gift
To uplift and be one of Allah's advocates
Teach the youth and speak the truth
Show em what peace can do when ?ill? reach for you
And my reward won't be jewels or cheese, it's even better
I can be one of the greatest MC's ever
If I tell em they intelligent women and great men
And live, stop waitin for the world to end

Chorus 2x

"I'm ragin, rippin up the stage an'
Don't it sound amazin, know what I mean?" [Rakim] 
"Don't it sound amazin, know what I mean?"
"Rakim"