Big L Rest ln rest in peace.......

(do you wanna mess with this?..... one of the best yet) 
(we've got it)...... you could feel the realness .....

Fresh out the gate again tryin to raise the stakes again ....
fatten my plate again ... yall cats know we always play to win
G-A-N-G to the STARR son 
haters took this shit too far son .... 
so thats all for you im wiping out your whole team 
ill splatter your dreams with lyrics that shatter your schemes
the badder you seem the more lies you tell.... 
the more lies you sell not by surprise you fell 
into my death trap right in to my clutches ....stupid
ya know the god must bless every single mic he touches
Ive suffered just so i can return harder
wanna be the shit starter fuck around make you a mayrter
ill make you famous ..... turn around and make you nameless
cause youlll never understand just how vital to me this rap game is
save it and hold that you catch a hot one ... 
rhymes'll chase a fake nigga down soon as i spot one 

FULL CLIP ... do you wanna mess with this
(gang starr ...... one of the best yet) ..... IM nice like that
Do you wanna mess with this .....
Full clip (one of the best yet) 

So if you stand in my way .... im a have to spray 
learn that if you come against me son youre gonna have to pray 
since back in the day i held my weight and kept my head up 
they wanna see the guard catch an el its all a set up 
i give no man a thing or power over me 
why these niggas so jealous and lookin sour over me? 
Im bolder g im like impossible to stop......
im like that nigga in the ring with you impossible to drop 
im like two magazines fully loaded to your one
plus i aint gonna quit spittin till youre done
plus more than ever i got my whole shit together....
more then a decade of hits that'll live forever
catch a rep off my name youre bound to fry
ya know how many niggas that i know thats down to die?
we never fail ... and we aint never been frail you niggas talk crime 
but you scared of jail

FULL CLIP (do you wanna mess with this) ....
Gang Starr .... (one of the best yet)
im nice like that 
its all good .....
so i suggest you take a rest

Attack it like a slick apache lyrics are trigger happy 
blowin back your wig piece just for the way youre lookin at me 
cock back blaaaw i hit you up right now 
i dont know why so many of yall wanna be thugs anyhow 
face the consequence of your childish nonsense
i can make your head explode just by my lyrical content
get you in my scope and metaphorically snipe ya 
i never liked ya 
ill gas that ass up then ignite ya
the flame thrower .... make ya peeps afraid to know ya 
how many times i told ya play your position small soilder
my heart is colder ... makes me wanna resort to violence
stop beatin me in the head son .... nah im not buyin it 
im ready to blast.... im ready to surpass and harass
im ready to flip ... im ready to dip with all the cash .... 
i hold my chrome steady ....  with a tight grip 
so watch your dome already cause this one might hit

Full Clip (do you wanna mess with this) .... 
im nice like that 
Gang starr .... the best yet....