[Royce Da 5'9"]
Yo yo, it's several different levels to pickin up shovels
and dumpin you in ditches under sea level
Frontin you when I'm wit this
Let me refreshin you niggaz til you my position in this
Beef! - Leavin you under Venice, opposition finished!
There it is, we invaded created a Pyramid -
of a Haven of names, so blame Dre, and that ear of his
So {*heavy breathing*} breathe, I'd rather REACH for your neck
And I never HEAT you for respect, unless you GREET me wit less
I got a skunk, in my trunk
I'm lyin, I got a pump in my trunk
Your dyin, how many lumps niggaz want?
Who's ready for y'all? We ready for y'all
We too incredibly raw, for any artist that said he would draw
I stand firm, and it hurts to live it
You open that can of worms, I hope you ready for the dirt that's wit it
Slap a hoe, snatch a mic!
Bein brought to y'all in black and in white
(IT'S the NEW!) Joe Jackson and Ike, we renegades

[Eminem]
Since I'm in a position to talk to these kids and they listen
I ain't no politician but I'll kick it with 'em a minute
Cause see they call me a menace; and if the shoe fits I'll wear it
But if it don't, then y'all'll swallow the truth grin and bear it
Now who's these king of these rude ludicrous lucrative lyrics
Who could inherit the title, put the youth in hysterics
Usin his music to steer it, sharin his views and his merits
But there's a huge interference - they're sayin you shouldn't hear it
Maybe it's hatred I spew, maybe it's food for the spirit
Maybe it's beautiful music I made for you to just cherish
But I'm debated disputed hated and viewed in America
as a motherfuckin drug addict - like you didn't experiment?
Now now, that's when you start to stare at who's in the mirror
and see yourself as a kid again, and you get embarrased
And I got nothin to do but make you look stupid as parents
You fuckin do-gooders - too bad you couldn't do good at marriage!
(Ha ha!) And do you have any clue what I had to do to get here I don't
think you do so stay tuned and keep your ears glued to the stereo
Cause here we go - he's Royce, he's the King Of Detroit
And I'm the sinister, Mr. Kiss-My-Ass it's just the

[Chorus: Eminem + Royce]
[Em] RENEGADE! Never been afraid to say
what's on my mind at, any given time of day
Cause I'm a RENEGADE! Never been afraid to talk
about anything (ANYTHING) anything (ANYTHING), RENEGADE!
[R9] RENEGADE! Never been afraid to say
what's on my mind at, any given time of day
Cause I'm a RENEGADE! Never been afraid to talk
about anything (ANYTHING) anything (ANYTHING)

[Royce Da 5'9]
I determine what time it's on, I call my nigga Proof
Hand him a pint of Limon and turn him loose!
I'm tired of you new jacks
I'm tired of niggaz that's like - "I'm bout to blow!"
Unless you a bitch, we dont care if you bout do that
Move back, youngster, the glock on speak
Chew up your vest and turn your chest hair to taco meat!
The street, continuous to pit, quick to smash ya
or flash the clip, or give you the picture (developin)
Click clock, six shots blows through another door
And it gets hot, Hip Hop portable tug of war
Who did ya niggaz beats you bitches, who made it work?
Dat shit was *phwrt!*, I got harder 2-Way alerts
Just when I thought my dogg couldn't get any meaner
You talk about his daughter, you probably gettin the heater
You talk about his momma, he won't even give ya the finger
(He's crazy!) Deranged!, not media eaters, we renegades 

[Eminem]
See I'm a poet to some, a regular modern day Shakespeare
Jesus Christ the King of these Latter Day Saints here
To shatter the picture in which of that as they paint me
as a monger of hate and Satan a scatter-brained atheist
But that ain't the case, see it's a matter of taste
We as a people decide if Shady's as bad as they say he is
Or is he the latter - a gateway to escape?
Media scapegoat, who they can be mad at today
See it's easy as cake, simple as whistlin Dixie
while I'm wavin the pistol at sixty Christians against me
Go to war with the Mormons, take a bath with the Catholics
in holy water - no wonder they try to hold me under longer
I'm a motherfuckin spiteful, DELIGHTFUL eyeful
The new Ice Cube - motherfuckers HATE to like you
What did I do? (huh?) I'm just a kid from the gutter
makin this butter off these bloodsuckers, cause I'm a muh'fuckin

[Chorus x2]