(Chorus) 
Starts off like a small town marriage 
Lovely wife in life, baby carriage 
Now all the stars have cars, success of course 
but it ends in Hollywood divorce 

(Verse 1: Lil Wayne) 
And I'm gon' start 
Yea, and I don't have to go to Hollywood 
cause Hollywood come through my neighborhood with cameras on 
I really think they're stealin from us like a sample song 
I really wish one day we'd take it back like ? 
The hurricane come and took my Louisiana home 
and all I got in return was a dern country song 
This whole country wrong 
What would you write if you just put a little ice on 
and cut your mic on 
but you don't even write your songs 
but Hollywood make you spit like a python 
I meant Cobra, I'm so not sober 
I'm high like a Hollywood 
? 
You can call me a roller 
Your grill's glistenin' 
Spent a hundred thousand on mine to feel different - what's the real sense of it? 
Uhhh Bling bling, I know 
and did you know I'm the creator of the term 
I just straightened the perm and let it sit too long, they just makin it burn 
Make a movie of our lifestyle 
But they earn like a dead body burned on a mantlepiece 
That's why I try not to lie on wax like this candle grease 
and I be's the little nigga cooler than anti-freeze defrost on your window pane - Lil Wayne 
but in Hollywood it's Litt-le Wayne 
don't make me not 
so that's why I got a pre-nup - I do 

(Chorus) 

(Verse 2:Andre 3000) 
Yeah, Yeah 
A is for Atomsville 
Be is for going home? 
C if I give a fuck if you like me you know I don't 
If she ain't got a good head on her leave that ho alone 
If she do got some good head on her let her sing a song 
D is for what I serve, I don't be on no curb 
She ain't no junkie neither, I ain't no dope dealer 
But she keep comin back 3-stacks, must be some crack 
Put that pipe in her lap, she ain't know how to act 
Now that I've got your undivided attention I'm gonna say this and run under condition one 
Promise me you gon' stack, promise me you gon' ball 
Promise me you'll invest three fourths of it all 
For what? So your kids, kids, kids can have some cheese 
Can't get with it? Get get get get get on your knees 
Cause wealth is the word 
Rich is round the corner from the curb 
Don't like what I write? Shoot me a bird 

(Verse 3: Big Boi) 
(Starts off) 
Tenth grade, the way was paid for me and Dre. to pregate 
Like Dr. Frankenstein the arts and crafts 
now could we make a difference 
Antoine Patton and Andre Benjamin been jammin for you ?, rap niggas and journalists 
that's quick to misprint public and private business 
then retract back for deaf ears and think it's dismissed 
Part two the sequel all new cast, 
just ain't the same gang of nerds slanndering your name behind that screen name 
they're lame and their life is pretty plain 
M&M's with no nuts 
won't show up face-to-face straight bitch made 
like puppies on the nipples of a mutt 
Address it on a case-by-case basis like the judge 
What about these lyin' ass hoes tryin to plot 
or these niggas on the block who want the queen (Nigga please) 
but even she can walk we'll miss her we ain't gon' fake it 
but God don't make mistakes must be something bigger ? 

(Chorus) 

(Verse 4:Snoop Dogg) 
I do, love you but you hate me at the same time 
lights, camera, action, it's game time 
do you take this here as your lovely wife? 
to love her and cherish her for all your life? 
I solemnly swear to ? share take you there 
and me and you together baby we a lucky pair 
it's been a long time, we walked a thin line 
others say they gotcha but you been mine 
as I sit back and watch all them cat fights 
domestic violence - is that right? 
but you love the dogg, gave me the spotlight 
and now I'm growin up, showin up, blowin up 
I never ever thought that we would separate at all 
but you played me like a game of football 
used to feed me, need me, dress me 
now it's so messy straight cut out and left me 

(Andre 3000) 
Hollywood divorce 
all the fresh styles always start off as a good little hood thing 
look at blues, rock, jazz, rap 
Not even talkin about music 
everything else too 
by the time it reach Hollywood it's over 
but it's cool 
we just keep it goin and make new shit 

(Snoop Dogg) 
Take our game, take our name 
give us a little fame - 
and then they kick us to the curb that's a cold thang