Send "Who Am I (What's My Name?)" Ringtone to your Cell The Dogg Pound's in the house (the bomb)
The Dogg Pound's in the house
Snoop Doggy, Dogg (the bomb)
Snoop Doggy, Dogg (Dogg)

From the depths of the sea, back to the block
Snoop Doggy Dogg, funky as the, the, The D.O.C
Went solo on that ass, but it's still the same
Long Beach is the spot where I served my cane
Follow me, follow me, follow me, follow me, but don't lose your grip
Nine-trizzay's the yizzear for me to fuck up shit
So I ain't holding nothing back
And motherfucker I got five on the twenty sack
It's like that and as a matter of fact (rat-tat-tat-tat)
'Cause I never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
(Yeah, so peep out the manuscript
You see that it's a must we drop gangsta shit)
What's my motherfucking name?

[Chorus]
Snoop Doggy, Dogg (yeah yeah yeah)
Snoop Doggy, Dogg (the bomb)
(Dog)

It's the bow to the wow, creeping and crawling
Yiggy yes y'allin, Snoop Doggy Dogg in 
The motherfucking house like everyday
Dropping shit with my nigga Mr Dr. Dre
Like I said, niggas can't fuck with this
And niggas can't fuck with that 
Shit that I drop 'cause ya know it don't stop
Mr. One Eight Seven on a motherfucking cop
Tic toc never the glock just some nuts and a cock
Robbin motherfuckers then I kill them blood-clats
Then I step through the fog and I creep through the smog
Cause I'm Snoop Doggy (who?) Doggy (what?) Doggy (Dogg)

[Chorus]

Now just throw your hands in the motherfucking air
And wave the motherfuckers like ya just don't care
Yeah roll up the dank, and pour the drank
And watch your step (why?) 'cause Doggy's on the gank
My bank roll's on swoll
My shit's on hit, legit, now I'm on parole, stroll
With the Dogg Pound right behind me
And up in yo bitch, is where ya might find me
Laying that, playing that G Thing
She want the nigga with the biggest nuts, and guess what?
He is I, and I am him, slim with the tilted brim
What's my motherfucking name?

[Chorus]

(the bomb)
(Dog) (the bomb)

Bow wow wow yippy-yo yippy-yay, bow wow wow yippy-yo (the bomb)
Doggy Dogg, Doggy Dogg, Doggy Dogg
Bow wow wow yippy-yo yippy-yay, bow wow wow yippy-yo (the bomb)

What is, his name?  Snoop Dogg, and the Dogg Pound
(Dog) (the bomb)
Oh, Snoopy Dogg, Snoopy Dogg, Snoopy Dogg (the bomb)
Yeah yeah (Dog) I know his name
C'mon Snoopy, c'mon Snoopy (the bomb)
And the Dogg Pound
Snoopy Dogg (the bomb) Snoopy Dogg
Snoopy Dogg (Dog)
(Dog, nasty dog, doggy dog)
 Send "Who Am I (What's My Name?)" Ringtone to your Cell