Featuring Horror City 

I'm that dope up in your brain with syringes 
Comin through kickin doors off the fuckin hinges 
I'm in this like forty fiends on seven day ventures 
Comin with my family offend the great beginners 
The slender of a never ending back bender 
My agenda be the legal tender blue fox in the winter 
Say it with me yes mad style in the streets 
Bitches that be blowin up my hip with mad reaps 

Murder me? You musta never fuckin heard of me 
I get thank you letters for my mind, you see, I'm fillin vacancies 
And don't even mention surgery, because they awarded me 
For bein a man who do the most to boost the industry 
Injure me, see the evil spirits enter me 
Now it's singletary, now imagine me, an entity (uuhhhh!) 
If I cut you through, you not bleed 
If I bust up in a guts, douching out ????? 

I hear the silent dope fiends scream 
It's gotta mean somebody's scheme, on the stash again 
I'm spittin hollow points like phlegm 
I'd probably bring a friend but he'd say 
ease, I'm driftin off in the galaxies 
Feel the sea freeze throughout vicinities, eeaaaww!! 
While prophecies that kick the sky splits 
Omigod, droppin clips is this the end? 
Forever I'll be never injured, why because the devil had me shook 
I'm shakin, this evil spirits takin flesh is bakin in 

Here's a, special delivery, of the pain and misery 
Can you maintain it? The degrees of temperature can be caused 
I'm the guy that pulls the wool over your eyes, and move 
I watch streets, the 45s in the skies, and be 
Whatever y'all call that, that bridges the gap 
And in suspended animation and reality rap 
Picture like Kodak, and wax floors clean, is Kojak 
Engine Novak, or front row wigs get blow back 

Deacon, comin up the reel with the wicked 
Two felony convicted, college ?verbisin? 
Murderin, open up your guts kid, what? 
I'm diesel like three fifty, woke up with mad cuts 
and don't give a fuck 
I snatch the soul out your back, so how you figure 
You could hold your fuckin own, you're a clone 
Alone in the world know ?I Gender B? 
Once a friend of me, now we're known as bitter enemies 

Check it, check it 
We charge up like a nine volt, drama beef 
You better hold I pack a 45 Colt with a mad kick 
Cause when I lit, the ho's got snitch 
You better duck quick before you get your shirls knicked split 
I blaze knock this one, it's on it's on, for reals 
Steel pull out, call my bluff, a nigga fade to sear 
In a second or a minute I reckon I be in it 
Put all rings for high beams tanks ????????? 

Enough of this S and M 
Them leather wearin bitches whippin men 
&gt;From a corner of a dead end, I can't forget my dead friends 
And that's what makes my brain sporadic 
Plus I got a bad habit, of mixin alcohol with automatics 
Who got static? I came to set it off and get this party started 
Those who provoke, is gettin choked, I aint no fuckin joke 
My friends won't go anywhere with me, anyone in the vicinitiy 
Charged with conspiracy get death by electricity 

Niggas get confused, not knowin what I'ma do 
I sit and wait for niggas to make an ill-advised move 
I save the way that could be from here to there 
Bustin shots, some secluded spots you don't know where 
So where art thou, where art thou 
Talkin about your dead family members, pal, don't fuck around 
Or for cryin out loud, tellin' you now from Jump Street 
Whoever steps up I'm leavin them bleedin' profusely