Send "No Escapin' This" Ringtone to your Cell [Greg Nice]
Oh, oh, oh! 2 G's mother, uh!
The Beatnuts y'all, uh!
Uh, oh! Juju, Psycho Les, uh, oh!
Turn it out oh, oh my god oh!
Oh, oh, it's the hardcore b-boy shit!
Hard to the core motherfucker, no keyboard shit!

[Psycho Les]
Aiyyo the Nuts landed, so pack it up
Pass the mic to big Psych, the manufacturer
The architect, bringing you the art of wreck
You used to hate my click, now you want a part of it
We coming with more hits that funk like Parliament
Comparing me to another's going to lead to an argument
The heat we fry you with, straight from the armory
Guerilla army, we kill tracks in harmony
My Nut orchestra blowing fuses
Your amp can't hold this music, it's booming
I'm in my truck cruising, 97 tuned in
The latest news is the Nuts new album is ruling
Y'all vs. the Nuts, you have a big chance of losing
(There's no escaping this) Or confronting the union
So stop fooling yourself, and feel these Nuts
Cause (No one's ready to deal with us) What?

 (No escaping this) (Repeat 3x)
 "No one's ready to deal with us"

[Juju]
Don't be humble, it's better to pull
Belive you eligable, get left like a vegetable
Man it's crazy and there's no escape
It's turned into a police state
The average cat don't even know his fate
Walking round like he hurting something
And there's nothing that he got to say that's even worth discussing
Listen to me, it's better to be
Lying dead with honor, soldier, than to never be free
Young niggas out here losing they dads
In the battle of the son of the fags
Every other country burning the flag
Don't let history repeat itself
That's how the devil plan to keep his wealth and feed himself
I'm the New York power hitter
Hit the devil in the fucking shitter
Take his manhood and all his glitter
Got guns ready to bust
"No one's ready to deal with us"

 (No escaping this) (Repeat 7x)
 "No one's ready to deal with us"

   "Can't get away, there's no escaping this!
    Surrender now, come out with your hands in the air

[Greg Nice]
Oh, no! Turn it out oh!
Oh my God oh! Turn it out oh! (Repeat 4x)

Juju, rockin on rockin on
Psycho Les, rockin on, rockin on (Repeat 4x)

   "Corona in the house" "Throw your hands up!" (Repeat 4x)
 Send "No Escapin' This" Ringtone to your Cell