((background music) i brought.. i brought.. i brought.. dreams... dreams... dreams... i brought you all my dreams... cuz i love you... i love you.. i love you.. (repeated throughout song))

(Verse 1)

I woke up out that coma, 2001
Bout the same time Dre dropped 2001
Three years later, the album is done
Aftermath presents: "Nigga With a Attitude : Volume 1"
Rap critics politicin'
Wanna know the outcome
Ready to Die, Reasonable Doubt and Doggystyle in one
I feel like Pac after the Snoop Dogg trial was done
Dre behind that G-Series and All Eyez On Me
I watched the death of a dynasty
So I told Vibe Magazine
Workin' with Dr.Dre was a "DREAM!"
I had visions of makin a classic
Then my world turned black, like I was starin' outta Stevie Wonder's glasses
Its kinda hard to imagine, like Kanye West
Comin' back from his fatal accident, to beat makin and rappin', but
We da future
Whitney Houston told me that: it's gon take more than a bullet in the heart to hold me back

(HOOK)

Blushin' in this 40 ounce
Lettin' the ink from my pen bleed
Cuz Martin Luther King had a *DREAM*
Aaliyah had a *DREAM*
Left Eye had a *DREAM*
So I reached out to Kanye and *I brought you all my dreams*

B.G. music playing...

(Verse 2)

I had dreams of fuckin an R'n'B bitch like Mya
When I saw that ass on the front of that King
Read the article in the magazine
She loved gangstas, loved nasty things
So I'm in the glass house havin' nasty dreams
Good girls never give it up
But anything is possible, if 50 fucked Vivica
Hurdled life's obstacles, found my way through the maze
Then joy turned to pain like, Frankie Beverly and Maze
Used to dream of bein' Unsigned Hype
Till I was crushed my Dave Mays, almost let my pen fall asleep on the page
Daydreamin' yesterday
Dozin' off back-stage
I tought I saw Eazy talkin' to Jam Master Jay
So I walked over heard Jam Master say
Its a hard-knock life, then you pass away
They say sleep is the cousin of death
Sow my eyes wide open cuz a dream is kin to your last breath

(HOOK)

Blushin' in this 40 ounce
Lettin' the ink from my pen bleed
Cuz Martin Luther King had a *DREAM*
Aaliyah had a *DREAM*
Left Eye had a *DREAM*
So I reached out to Kanye and *I brought you all my dreams*

B.G. music playing...

(Verse 3)

The Dream of Huey Newton, that's what I'm livin' through
The Dream of Eric Wright, thats what imI' givin' you
Who walked through the White House without a business suit?
Compton had Jheri Curl drippin' on Ronald Reagan's shoes
Gave Mike Lim my demo came here to pay my dues
Started off with Whoo-Kid then I started blazin' Clue
It was all a Dream like B.I.G said it be
Don't sleep on me homie I bring nightmares to reality
Rap Phenomenon defyin' the rules of gravity
Studied all the classic started revisin' my strategy
Cuz Marshall Mathers made it
Curtis Jackson made it
Head in the clouds wonderin' where the hell Marvin Gaye went?
How do I say this, I'm livin' for my son but I can't figure out, why I'm at my temple with this gun
Wake up to a Jesus Piece like a Catholic nun
The war to be a rap legend ha just begun

(HOOK:)
Blushin' in this 40 ounce
Lettin' the ink from my pen bleed
Cuz Martin Luther King had a *DREAM*
Aaliyah had a *DREAM*
Left Eye had a *DREAM*
So I reached out to Kanye and *I brought you all my dreams*

B.G. music playing...

(The GAME talking)

This song is dedicated to Yetunde Price, the sister of Venus and Serena Williams who was slain
During a gang shoot-out in Compton, Sunday September 14th 2003, Rest in peace...

B.G.Music fades to an end...