(Intro Verse)
Electro compulsive therapy, Part 1.

(Verse 1)
First thing's first (Aftermath), The Chronic is back
This is indo produced by Timbo
Game ova, naw the nwa chain choka
Is burnin rubber inside the range rova
Chain smokin', Purple Haze, this ain't
Anotha one of those this the rebirth of dre
The rebirth of la, the rebirth of hip-hop
Another memorial for Makaveli and Big Pac
Hold up, Timb stop. I said this anotha memorial
For Makaveli and Big Pac, g-g-g-g-g!
Young homie got shit locked, public enemy #1
Flava flav on the wristwatch. all black g-units
All black impala, im a skitzo 3-wheelin the six-fo
50 Cent know I'm Compton's most wanted when
I'm ridin' wit Timbo

(Chorus)
Girl if you got a big back lemme pin that
Show me where ya friends at we can flip that
Lemme put you on the game (Lemme put you on the game)
Lemme put you on the game (Lemme put you on the game)
I show you where the bloods at where the Crips at
Show you where they flip crack, where they bitch at
Lemme put you on the game (Lemme put you on the game)
Lemme put you on the game (Lemme put you on the game)
Reburn!

(Verse 2)
I ain't got the west on my shoulda, got the west
In the backseat of the rova. ridin on dubs, nigga
I'm westcoastin'. the next hova from the home of
The best doja, makin all that racket, i got the u.s. open
Stunt on me I'll leave you wit ya chest open, vest broken
Hop in the lo-lo wit tha tech smokin, g-g-g-g-g!
I done paid my dues, nwa is back this is front page news.
I got dre in the back, ridin on 22's. bitches screamin
'let me ride', it must be the shoes. red and black g6's
Red dot on the glock, I'm goin 3x platinum dawg how
Do I stop? I'm hot

(Chorus)

(Verse 3)
My unit is gorilla, fuck with me my familia,
I will kill ya. i know that boy not familia(r),
But you got to feel em if the docta sealed em
(is Compton in the house?) without a doubt
I'm the rapper wit clout otha niggaz yap about.
You know the one that introduced new york to
The beach cruiser, got em puttin red and blue
Strings in they G-Units. get groupie luv,
Tell em to keep movin, if I gotta problem wit a bitch
I let eve do it. unless she got on la perla
And I can see through it, I don't just let her ride
I give her the keys to it. me n my bitch layed back
In the coupe, I'm movin in the neighborhood i ain't
Passin through. I woulda been here afta snoop,
But i slowed down and showed Timbaland how to iron a Khaki suit.

(Chorus)