The blues has always been totally american.
As american as apple pie ... as american as the blues
As american as apple pie, the question is why?
Why should the blues be so at home here?
Well, america provided the atmosphere

(You dont see what i see)
Everyday as Warren G. I take a look over my shoulder as i get older
getting tired of mothers f*ckers sayin' "Warren I told ya."
(You dont hear what I hear)
But it's so hard to live through these years with these funny bunny niggas,
Ain't shit changin'. Got my mama wonderin if I'm gang bangin'. 
But I dont pay attention to these father figures. I just handle mine,
and i'm rollin wit my niggas. Off to tha V I P, ya see, Snoop dogg and Warren G.
Unbeliveable as time just flies right before your eyes but you dont recognize.
Now whos the real victim? Can you answer that? The nigga thats jack
and all the fool getting jacked...yea

(You dont see what I see)
Everyday as Warren G
(You dont hear what i hear)
But its so hard to live through these years
(X 2)

Another sunny day. 
Another bright blue sky.
Another day another mutha f*cka die.
These are the things i went through when i was growing up.
Theres only one hood a nigga should be throwin up.
And i knew it, there really aint nothing to it,
Thinkin every fools gotta go through it.
Now lets go back, (how far?) back in time.
Drivin to these hookers tryin to mack for mine.
I remember when we all used to stop at the spot.
Back then my nigga name was Snoop rock. huh,
It's all so clear, '87, '88, then '89's tha year.
Ya say everywhere we roll, you can say we roll thick.
Way back then 2 1 3 was a clique. 
Somethin the state paid i was just a young haul,
Warren G, Snoop Rock, and Nate Dogg.

(You dont see what I see)
Everyday as Warren G
(You dont hear what i hear)
But its so hard to live through these years
(X 2)

You make me holla, 
Get out tha game, too many mutha f*cka's know my name.
While Snoop Doggs servin time up in Wayside,
I puts in down on the street, dont try to take my.
I had to re-ensure tha homie that he wasnt alone. 
We talk, and him and Nate conversate on tha phone.
He kept sayin, "Nigga it wont be long, B-4 a little skinny nigga like me'll be home."
I said "Snoop, thangs then changed. It's not the same, we need to get up out the game.
Cuz we can get paid in a different way with you kicken dope rhymes and i DJ."
Well as time go passed, slowly we tried to make it. 
But things are getting hectic, i just can't take it.
Should I A. Go back to slangin dope?
Or should I B. Maintain and try to cope?
Or should I C. Just get crazy and wild?
But no i chose D. Create the G child. 
It's be on ever since with me and Mr. Grim,
This sh*t is getting so hectic that i cant even trust him now.
What would you do for a warren g cut?
Would act tha fool and nut the f*ck up?
Back tha f*ck up?
Act tha f*ck up?
Niggas talk sh*t they get smacked tha f*cked up.  
Striaght up!

(You dont see what I see)
Everyday as Warren G
(You dont hear what i hear)
But its so hard to live through these years
(Until fade out)