Ah, I don't wanna hear shit
Get off ya motherfucking ass
It's right now, right now, right here
And we bringing it to you live, COME ON!
Golden state, what... come on, what bitch
New Shit! Ha, come on, yeah Ras Kass blaze that shit up
Xzibit, break it down slam it, jelly roll

[Ras Kass]
Show me a bitch and I'm a slay her like Sarah Michelle Gell-ie
Rap star, trash tellies blow up my sprint celly
Dare me, I tongue Halle Berry's belly
Show her a monster's ball, fuck it you tell me
Platinum, heavy 22 inch perrelli's
Jelly, it gets so ugly it gets scary
Haters act like under-age hoes so what's really-
Can't fuck wit y'all, paging R.Kelly (ooooohhh)
Oh, if the shoe fits buy a matching shirt
Ya nothing take ya face and attach dirt
Catch me and my niggas wit strick-9
Strictly constrict 9 triggas disfigure ya figure
Our figgas got bigger, niggas the same
Menace to society and y'all done made me Kane
Can't extort us faggot, you bust we bust
In God we trust but we paying at dusk, biatch!

[chorus]
Don't you think this shit is for fun (NO!)
Think before you reach for that Gun (Think!)
Look at all the shit that you started (yeah)
You bring heat but we bring it harder (sing!)
La la la la la la la la (Ha!)
La la la la la la la la (Sing!)
La la la la la la la la (yes)
La la la la la la la la (come on)

[Saafir]
Yella, yizzel, shaft shizza-lean
Fuck what y'all talking about, this shit clean
That's why we filthy rich behind the scenes
Game spitters with helmets and shoulder pads on the hitters
Bullshit so far what this game sent
We here to burn it down open bar entertainment
Taking the work clipping the clientele on raw
Lactose intolerant but I still sell
Game enough to mash on the coach like Sprewell
Don't salt there hoes flows ain't got that sea smell
Overstand under surveillance, Ben Savage-
Can't come to the town terrorizing we been Laden
Been beat heavyweight beefs and went passage
Back to the blockmates and it's safe to unlock cakes
King sizzel makin' bank, shake the spizzle,
We don't make it drizzle we rain in the G-state

[chorus]
Don't you think this shit is for fun (NO!)
Think before you reach for that Gun (Think!)
Look at all the shit that you started (come one)
You bring heat but we bring it harder (now sing!)
La la la la la la la la (Sing!)
La la la la la la la la (Yeah!)
La la la la la la la la (Sing It!)
La la la la la la la la (yeah)

[Xzibit]
Feel the adrenaline, feel the rush
The effects of the compound the ammo dump
Doc Dre don't fuck with punks
We all thump like Maximus, stop fucking with us
Take a ride inside the home of hands-on hip-hop
Speak what you believe and hope you don't get shot for it
Ghetto poets, show it if you got one
A hot one, with ass and rap like a shotgun
I can write to the sound of the sunset
Smith & Wesson, I use words as a weapon
Gun sling my dreams I rain supreme
And fiend for the next challenge, knocking you off balance
Look, I been through the worst, avoided the hearst (Survived!)
Starving to death and dying of thirst (alive!)
Here in the flesh, elope with the profoc-
The answer, the solution, the remedy, the anecdote

[chorus]
Don't you think this shit is for fun (NO!)
Think before you reach for that Gun (Think!)
Look at all the shit that you started (yeah)
You bring heat but we bring it harder (Now sing!)
La la la la la la la la (yes)
La la la la la la la la (Sing!)
La la la la la la la la (Ha)
La la la la la la la la (come on)
(X2)

Bounce... Bounce... Bounce... Yeah... Golden State