Melanie C (also known as Melanie Jayne Chisholm, Melanie Chisholm, or Mel C) was born 12 January 1974 in Whiston, Merseyside. She is an English singer-songwriter and actress. As a solo artist, she released four albums(two of them on her own independent record label «Red Girl Records»), and earned nominations for a BRIT, ECHO awards and Laurence Olivier Award(for her role in “Blood Brothers” musical). 

Melanie also has co-written 11 UK Number 1s - more than any other female artist independently or as part of a duo, quartet or quintet.

Melanie started her music career in 1996 as one fifth of the world's biggest girl group, Spice Girls. During their reign of the 1990s, the girls scored nine number 1 singles in the UK, sold over 40 million albums worldwide and made their distinctive mark on pop culture.  By 2000, that figure rose to 53 million and preceded the groups’ eventual disbandment as well as Melanie’s burgeoning solo career.

Embracing a new creative direction, her first solo endeavour was the Bryan Adams duet ‘When You’re Gone’, which reached the UK Top 3 and became a huge European hit. Setting the tone for her first ever debut solo album, ‘Northern Star’ followed in 1999 and peaked at Number 4. Spawning 2 Number 1 singles, it was certified triple platinum in the United Kingdom, Gold in Australia and platinum in Europe.

Her second solo album, the Top 5 hit ‘Reason’, followed in March 2003. Containing tracks produced by former New Radicals frontman Gregg Alexander and Marius De Vries (Madonna, Rufus Wainright), it boasted a vibrant, coesive sound of increasing musical maturity and rapidly went Gold after the lead Top Ten single ‘Here It Comes Again’.

In early 2004, Melanie founded her own independent label Red Girl Records. So-called after her beloved Liverpool Football Club and propensity to blush easily, it provided undiluted artistic freedom and saw the release of ‘Beautiful Intentions’, Melanie’s third solo LP.

Songs were previewed before fans at a series a Barfly gigs in the summer of 2004 as Melanie became eager to encapsulate the 'live' feel of her new tracks and one such previewed track, Next Best Superstar , was decided as the first single. It scored a top ten hit for Melanie at the start of 2005 and second single Better Alone was released as a download and through the official online shop. 
In late 2005, Melanie was asked to record the theme tune to German soap opera 'Julia'. The track, written by Guy Chambers and Enrique Iglesias entitled First Day Of My Life, was then released in Germany where it topped the charts and was certified platinum after selling a massive 400,000 copies. But its success didn't stop there, going on to be number 1 in Spain, Portugal and Austria, it became one of the biggest hits of the year. The huge success of the single reflected on album sales as Beautiful Intentions became certified gold in Germany and platinum in Portugal, where it stayed at number 1 for nine weeks. 

In October 2006 Melanie released her first ever Live Hits DVD. Recorded before a sold-out audience at London’s The Bridge, it featured 19 blistering hit singles and showcased her talent as both a writer and live performer.

Fast forward to now and Melanie kicks off 2007 with the challenge of 2 new singles prior to the album release. In Europe, the lead single is ‘The Moment You Believe’ – a beautiful love song written with long-term collaborator Peter Vettese that’s already powering its way up many European airplay charts.  "This Time" also features writing and production credits from Guy Chambers, Cathy Dennis, Steve Mac, Stephen Hague, Jill Jackson and two of her own band members Paul Gendler and Greg Hatwell. Melanie played many festivals across Europe during the summer, including the sold out Isle of Wight Festival. 

Here, the UK single is a stellar reinvigoration of the 1982 hit ‘I Want Candy’. Produced by Stephen Hague (whose previous credits include New Order, Siouxsie and the Banshees and Robbie Williams) it’s taken from the British film of the same name, which was heralded by Empire as “Fresh and funny a British American Pie”.

The videos for both singles were directed by Tim Royes and have attracted considerable attention. ‘The Moment You Believe’ was filmed in one continuos shot, while ‘I Want Candy’ sees Melanie dancing for the first time since the Spice Girls. As a result, it was the No.1 viewed video on You Tube the day it was added, gaining over 200,000 views.

In November 2007, Chisholm reunited with the Spice Girls for a Greatest Hits album release and a four-months world tour. When the tour reached its first two-day break, Chisholm performed an acoustic solo set at The Mint in Los Angeles on 6 December and another one in The Grand Ballroom in New York City. On the last show of the tour, Chisholm did her famous "Sporty Spice" backflip as a surprise to the fans, as well as the other Spice Girls. In February 2008 Chisholm returned to her solo career. She released her fourth album "This Time" in Canada on April 8 2008, followed by a full Canadian tour in May 2008. The first single was Carolyna. "Understand" was released as a second single in Canada on July 25th. The video was filmed largely in Toronto, but several live clips were included from her various Canadian performances as well.


On 22 August 2008, Melanie announced on her offical website she is pregnant and will start writing songs for her fifth studio-album.

About pregnancy:"I was starting to show [the baby bump] when I performed at the Echo arena and I was a bit self conscious about that. I knew I would be showing a bit by then but I wasn't ready to tell the world." 
About baby's sex:
"And I haven’t found out what the sex of our baby is, either, because I want to keep it a surprise. It’s not the same as getting a present, but after all the hard work, it would be nice to have that movie moment at the end."
About giving a name:
"We’ve got ideas for names. Tom and I haven’t been fighting over names or anything like that, we tend to agree on everything.One thing is for sure, there won’t be any popstar names in our household. We’re going to have a good old traditional name."

On 9 October 2008, Melanie recorded a new DVD for campaign Pinktober for cancer.

On 9 January 2009, Melanie performed at the Sunseeker International Charitable Ball  a charity event celebrating the music of the Bee Gees.

23 February 2009. Note from Offisial Website:
Melanie C gave birth to a beautiful little girl at 4.10 pm on Sunday 22nd February. The baby weighed 8lb 3oz.
Both Mum and baby, named Scarlet Starr, are doing fine.

29 June , 2009  Hard Rock Cafe DVD Release. 
Ten years after venturing out as a solo artist, Melanie C performs live in front of an intimate audience at The Hard Rock Cafe in Manchester, England. Fans from all over the world came not only to see Melanie perform, but also to help raise money for Hard Rock's yearly fundraiser, Pinktober. Already five months pregnant, the mum-to-be performed a selection of her greatest hits along with some personal favourities during a 75 minute set. Filmed with just three camcorders, this film captures the raw intensity of this special acoustic event.

This DVD also includes some special treats for fans: the "This Time" Electronic Press Kit in which Melanie gives us a personal insight into the development and recording of her latest album as well as two photo galleries, featuring the exclusive unheard demos "Blue Skies All The Way" and "Paris Burning".

All profits from this unique DVD will go to The Caron Keating Foundation. 



Band Members:

Melanie C - Vocals.
Greg Hatwell - Guitars & Backing Vocals: 
Paul Gendler - Guitars
Nick Nasmyth - Keyboards & Backing Vocals
Scott Firth - Bass
Vinnie Lammi - Drums

Similar artists:

 * Emma Bunton (http://www.last.fm/music/Emma+Bunton)
 * Melanie B (http://www.last.fm/music/Melanie+B)
 * Geri Halliwell (http://www.last.fm/music/Geri+Halliwell)
 * Victoria Beckham (http://www.last.fm/music/Victoria+Beckham)
 * Spice Girls (http://www.last.fm/music/Spice+Girls)
 * pop (http://www.last.fm/tag/pop)
 * female vocalists (http://www.last.fm/tag/female%20vocalists)
 * british (http://www.last.fm/tag/british)
 * rock (http://www.last.fm/tag/rock)
 * dance (http://www.last.fm/tag/dance)

http://www.last.fm/music/Melanie+C